hea G ma i|

Ben Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>

Press release and more things | can do to help
Alice Wright <alice@sparkampm.co.uk>

6 May 2025 at 14:08

To: benrobcarter@gmail.com
Hi Ben,
Thank you for your patience while I've worked on all of this. Firstly, l’ve written a draft of a press
release for you about Half a Camel with reference to Puck being the new sober space. I’ve used
the information you shared with me, as well as what’s on your website. It’s attached and | hope
you like it.
Secondly, I’ve spoken to Brighton Fringe and | told them we had a positive meeting about Half
A
Camel and that you’re doing this as a tribute to your friend Liam who took his own life following the
stillbirth of his child. I’ve also told them that I’m now supporting you with marketing and press that
they've missed. They’re really happy with this.
From what you’ve said, it sounds like you also need support with liaising with your HalfA Camel
artists — and that’s not because you don’t know what you’re doing — from my understanding it’s
because you recently tried to kill yourself and you need more time to recover from that.
You've told me you did this because of the traumatic events that have happened to you since
Covid, including Liam’s death, but also including someone who is stalking you, and your recent
problems with Sussex Police’s handling of this incident. Those things sound really hard. You’ve
also told me one of the reasons you're struggling is because your friend Kim also had problems
with Sussex Police, and then took her own life. You now advocate for her by collecting other
people’s experiences with Sussex Police on the website you've set up. This is an amazing thing to
do for your friend. It’s also a lot to cope with while you're recovering yourself and you’re telling me
you need help with your shows at Brighton Fringe.
With this in mind, here’s what | can do to support you:
I'll tell Brighton Fringe that any of your HalfA Camel artists can email me directly on my Brighton
Fringe address (alice.wright@brightonfringe.org) and | will help them with:
* Ticketing problems with Eventotron
* How to cancel their show
* Worries about marketing
* And anything else as it pertains to your Half a Camel shows at Brighton Fringe
It would also be a good idea to put me in touch with your contacts and friends at the venues so |
can support you. | can put together a schedule of all your shows for them so they know exactly
what you've booked in so we try to avoid any diary clashes, such as what happened yesterday
with the Aoife Dunne show. | understand this happened because you’re overwhelmed, and not by
anything you’ve purposefully done. | get that. | can help to sort that out with the intent to stop this
happening with any of your other HalfA Camel events at Brighton Fringe.
Let me know what you think — via email is best for me if possible. All of this can happen today and
as soon as | hear from you | can start it, ideally this would be before 5pm today if you can manage
it.
| look forward to hearing from you.

Best wishes,
Alice
Alice Wright
Associate

park
AM&PM
Spark Arts Marketing & Project Management
My pronouns are she/her
07702 846461

sparkampm.co.uk

Gil er @Sparkampm
Ey New sober venue by HalfA Camel 6th May 2024 FIRST DRAFT.docx
16K

