hea | G ma if

Ben Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>

ICO Case Reference: IC-386797-G0L4
icocasework <icocasework@ico.org.uk>

19 August 2025 at 11:58

To: Benjamin Robert Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>

19 August 2025

Case Reference: IC-386797-GOL4
Dear B Carter,

Thank you for the data protection complaint you have raised with the Information
Commissioner’s Office (ICO) about Sussex Police and how it has handled an
information rights request you have made. I apologise for the delay in responding to
you. Your complaint has been allocated to me as Lead Case Officer.
You have included a copy of an email of 9 May 2025 with your complaint submission,
in which you express concern to Sussex Police that it had failed to respond to a right
of access request you made on 6 April 2025.
I note that Sussex Police potentially disputes this in an email it sent you of 19 July
2025. It confirmed receipt of a request from you on 9 April 2025. However, at the
time of you applying for the information, the relevant police case was still under
investigation — it could not provide disclosure until this was finalised.
Can you clarify this point accordingly? Has Sussex Police produced evidence of
informing you of its refusal within the calendar-month timeframe? If you would still
like to proceed with this complaint, I would be grateful if you could also provide me
with the following:
-

Acopy of your initial right of access request; and

- Copies of any other relevant communications you have exchanged with Sussex
Police about your request.
I will be in a better position to advise once you have replied.
To correspond with me via email, you can forward any messages or supporting
documentation to our icocasework@ico.org.uk email address, making sure to include
the above case reference number in the subject line.
Yours sincerely,
Adam Deane
Lead Case Officer
Information Commissioner's Office
Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire SK9 5AF
T. 0330 414 6390 ico.org.uk twitter.com/iconews

Please consider the environment before printing this email.
For information about what we do with personal data see our privacy notice at www.ico.org.uk/privacynotice.

