PADGHAM, Rebecca (SEVEN DIALS MEDICAL CENTRE - G81047)

From:

Amy Keogh <amy.keogh@brightonfringe.org>

Sent:

08 May 2025 15:32

To:

SEVENDIALSMEDICALCENTRE (NHS SUSSEX ICB - 09D)

Subject:

Confidential - Concerns about a patient

You don't often get email from amy.keogh@brightonfringe.org. Learn why this is important
This message originated from outside of NHSmail. Please do not click links or open attachments unless you recognise the
sender and know the content is safe.

Hello
Following my brief call with one ofyour receptionists, I'd like to raise a concern for one or your patients
Benjamin Robert Carter - we know him as Ben Carter.
Ben has been taking part in Brighton Fringe festival as a venue manager/promoter mainly for comedy
shows. He had planned to run six venues across the festival (5 weeks in May) with 157 acts performing
during this time. This is a very busy and demanding time for most people who take part.
To clarify he is not employed by Brighton Fringe.
In the last 4-6 weeks we have seen a deterioration in his behaviour and have now become very concerned
for his wellbeing.
These are based on the following;

¢

His disclosure to us about his recent suicide attempt in early April

¢

Paranoia and delusions - continual referencing Sussex Police and his stalking case.

¢

Fixation on people in the organisation, particularly the Chair of Trustees of Brighton Fringe.

¢

Escalating behaviours particularly emailing several times a day sometimes in the middle of the
night.

Brighton Fringe have stepped in and made the decision to take over the management of his venues and
artists, to alleviate the stress on him and hope that he will now be able to take the time to recover.
I don't necessarily require a response from you as his GP but I do hope that someone is able to reach out to
him and support him with whatever is the best treatment for him
In an email yesterday, he has forwarded us notes from his GP - Dr Dharam Dickinson. Although I have not
attached them for confidentiality reasons and GDPR.
Do let me knowif I can help with anything else.

Kind regards
Amy

Amy Keogh (She/Her)
Managing Director

