iy; Gmail

Ben Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>

Your continuation with Brighton Fringe
3 messages

Duncan Lustig-Prean <chair@brightonfringe.org>

16 July 2025 at 13:35

To: Ben Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>
Cc: Confidential <confidential@brightonfringe.org>

Dear Ben,

On Monday qqin July, the Board considered your position as a Venue Manager at Brighton Fringe.
We did not receive any representations from you as offered in our email sent some weeks ago.
The matters the Board considered were:
1. Failure to treat Brighton Fringe staff with respect at all times - actions we recognise from you
that are deemed unacceptable are written or verbal language containing expletives,
defamatory statements, inflammatory allegations, unreasonably persistent communications
and unreasonable time scale demands.

2. Failure to provide up-to-date venues details and specifications.
3. Failure to ensure that Brighton Fringe has the contact details of at least one member of each
venue's management team.
4. Failure to ensure that all information regarding events taking place are inputted correctly in
Eventotron.
5. Failure to provide proof of Public Liability Insurance and venue Risk Assessments no later

than Thursday 1°! May 2025.
6. Your publication of emails contrary to GDPR rules and regulations.
7. Your failure to meet contractual obligations for your artists - specifically failure to publish a
brochure promised as part of their venue hire charge and to provide promised videography to
artists.
8. Allegations that you encouraged artists into registering Free Ticketed events, without
providing all the information needed for them to make an informed decision.

9. Allegations that you charged artists for a venue hire, when the venue themselves did not
themselves charge you any hire fees.
The Board was very mindful of your mental health difficulties and the other complex issues you

face. Nevertheless, they considered that your failure to deliver items promised to artists, for which
they had paid , was inexcusable and harmed artists. It also risked bringing the reputation of
Brighton Fringe into disrepute. The Board also noted that you had been offered assistance on
numerous occasions from Brighton Fringe staff, well over and above that which we would provide
to any other venue manager. The Board regretted your decision to refuse this support.
The Board noted that you were unable to undertake your responsibilities for your artists and
audiences at Brighton Fringe 2025. The Board accepts that the cause of this was your poor mental
health. Nevertheless, your refusal to engage with the team at Brighton Fringe who were ready
assist you was considered inexcusable. Also inexcusable was the fact that you lied to the staff
when giving the names of three artists who you claimed had agreed to support your work in
venues. When approached by the Fringe none of those people knew anything about the
arrangement you claimed to have made.

The Board also considered your numerous social media posts. They noted that many of these were
manifestly untrue and were designed to harm the reputation of Brighton Fringe. The Board were
very concerned that you published a photograph, names and email addresses and made
derogatory comments about staff and a trustee publicly. This is contrary to stalking laws and is an
abuse. Bullying of staff and trustees is a breach of the venue managers’ agreement. Furthermore,
the Board noted that you further breached stalking laws by your concerted campaign on social
media and by email against a trustee. Regardless of your poor mental health such calculated
behaviour is inexcusable.
Your conduct is contrary to the Venue Managers agreement you have signed and has harmed our
staff, a trustee and your artists. As such, the Board has decided to remove you from the list of
approved Venue managers.

You may no longer use fringe branding or imply that you are a part of Brighton Fringe in
future.
The decision of the board is final and there is no appeal. No further correspondence will be entered
into.
The Board reserves the right to take legal action should libelous items be published on social
media. Individual Board members who have been attacked or subjected to stalking will submit
evidence to police and make a formal complaint about your conduct if such attacks continue
against them. They will be supported by our insurers if such action is necessary.
Despite what has transpired, the Board wish you well with your recovery and hope that you
succeed with Half a Camel.
Yours,
Duncan Lustig-Prean (he/him)
Chair

A: The Old Court House, 118 Church St, Brighton and Hove, Brighton BN1 1UD
W: www.brightonfringe.org

#BrightonFringe #BF 20

GHION Ff\Veeee

PANG
Duncan Lustig-Prean

Ben Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>

16 July 2025 at 13:42

To: Duncan Lustig-Prean <chair@brightonfringe.org>

Say hi to to sergeant duffy for me, there won’t ve a fringe next year mate
[Quoted text hidden]

Ben Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>
To: Duncan Lustig-Prean <chair@brightonfringe.org>
| shall now proceed to go public, to save on my legal costs
[Quoted text hidden]

16 July 2025 at 13:44

