iy; Gmail

Ben Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>

Board Meeting to discuss Half a Camel Involvement in Brighton Fringe 2025
4 messages

Confidential <confidential@brightonfringe.org>

24 June 2025 at 10:01

To: "halfacamelproductions@gmail.com" <halfacamelproductions@gmail.com>, Ben Carter
<benrobcarter@gmail.com>

Dear Ben,
We hope you are well and getting the support you need at this time.
Following the events of this year's Brighton Fringe festival, our Board of Trustees are considering

whether Half a Camel should continue to be a partner of Brighton Fringe.
In regards to our Venue Manager's Agreement, you have failed to comply with the following:
1. Treat Brighton Fringe staff with respect at all times - actions we recognise from you that are

deemed unacceptable are written or verbal language containing expletives, defamatory
statements, inflammatory allegations, unreasonably persistent communications and
unreasonable time scale demands.
2. Provide up-to-date venues details and specifications.
3. Ensure that Brighton Fringe has the contact details of at least one member of each venue's
management team.
4. Ensure that all information regarding events taking place are inputted correctly in Eventotron.
5. Provide proof of Public Liability Insurance and venue Risk Assessments no later than

Thursday 1$' May 2025.
Additionally, the Board will consider:
6. Your publication of emails contrary to GDPR rules and regulations.
7. Your failure to meet contractual obligations for your artists - specifically failure to publish a
brochure promised as part of their venue hire charge and to provide promised videography to
artists.
8. Allegations that you encouraged artists into registering Free Ticketed events, without
providing all the information needed for them to make an informed decision.

9. Allegations that you charged artists for a venue hire, when the venue themselves did not.
Should you wish to make any representations concerning these matters for the Board to consider
ahead of their decision, these should be submitted via email, confidential@brightonfringe.org

by 23:59 on Sunday 13" July 2025.
We will notify you of the Board's decision once it has been made.
Kind regards,
Brighton Fringe Team

Ben Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>

24 June 2025 at 14:36

To: Confidential <confidential@brightonfringe.org>
Cc: "halfacamelproductions@gmail.com" <halfacamelproductions@gmail.com>

Dear Brighton Fringe Board of Trustees,

Thank you for your correspondence regarding the Board’s consideration of Half a Camel’s continued partnership
with Brighton Fringe.

The matters you have raised are of a serious nature, and | take them as such. The allegations appear to involve
potential criminal offences, including fraud (as defined by the Fraud Act 2006) and the unlawful processing of
personal data (contrary to the Data Protection Act 2018).

As you know, guidance from the Charity Commission requires charities to report such serious incidents to the
appropriate authorities. To ensure that the correct procedures are being followed by all parties, and for the sake
of transparency, | would be grateful if you could clarify the following points:
1. Have any of the matters outlined in your email been referred to the relevant regulatory or law

enforcement bodies, such as the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), Action Fraud, or Sussex
Police?
2. If these matters have not yet been reported, does the Board intend to do so?
3. In the interest of natural justice and to allow us to formulate a meaningful response, will the Board be
providing us with the specific evidence upon which these allegations are based ahead of your decision?
This request is made in good faith to ensure that the process is fair, transparent, and compliant with the legal
obligations of a registered charity.
! look forward to your clarification.
Best regards,

Ben Carter
Half a Camel Productions
[Quoted text hidden]

Confidential <confidential@brightonfringe.org>

25 June 2025 at 15:09

To: Ben Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>
Cc: "halfacamelproductions@gmail.com" <halfacamelproductions@gmail.com>

Dear Ben

Following your email dated 24 June 2025, please see our responses (in bold) to your queries.

Have any of the matters outlined in your email been referred to the relevant regulatory or law
enforcement bodies, such as the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), Action Fraud, or Sussex
Police?

e

We have not referred the matters outlined in our previous email to any legal or
regulatory bodies. Charity law only requires us to report fraud impacting the charity
directly. We do not intend to involve the police, although we cannot guarantee

whether artists involved with Half a Camel will decide to do so.

lf these matters have not yet been reported, does the Board intend to do so?
e

The Brighton Fringe board is considering this aspect as a breach of contract between
Half a Camel and artists.

In the interest of natural justice and to allow us to formulate a meaningful response, will the Board
be providing us with the specific evidence upon which these allegations are based ahead of your

decision?

e

We have reported conversations and emails from artists who performed at Puck Cafe,
claiming you promised their shows would be professionally filmed as part of their deal
with Half a Camel.

e

We have reported conversations and emails from artists who complained they were
encouraged to register Free Ticketed and Free Un-ticketed events without receiving all

the information needed to make an informed decision.

e

We have reported conversations and emails from artists concerned that their email
addresses were shared without their consent.

e

We have reported conversations and emails that some artists discovered their venues

had no hire charges, yet they were still charged these fees as part of their contract
with you.

It is the Board's decision whether they wish to continue to work with a person or company and
whether that person or company displays the ethos of the charity.
Your representations concerning these matters for the Board to consider ahead of their decision,

these should be submitted via email, confidential@brightonfringe.org by 23:59 on Sunday
13th July 2025.

We will notify you of the Board's decision once it has been made.
Kind regards,
Brighton Fringe Team

From: Ben Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>

Sent: Tuesday, June 24, 2025 1:36 PM
To: Confidential <confidential@brightonfringe.org>
Cc: halfacamelproductions@gmail.com <halfacamelproductions@gmail.com>
Subject: Re: Board Meeting to discuss Half a Camel Involvement in Brighton Fringe 2025
[Quoted text hidden]

Ben Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>
To: Confidential <confidential@brightonfringe.org>

25 June 2025 at 15:24

I’m not to read it Duncan, you do what you like x
[Quoted text hidden]

