Screening Assessment for Stalking and Harassment (SASH)
Client Name: Ben Carter
Client ID number: 26917

Date of Completion: 25/11/24
Relationship between victim and subject: ex-partners

Confidentiality — Veritas is a free and confidential service — we do not share your information
or personal details. The only time we may share information about you is when in our
professional opinion you are at high risk of harm, safeguarding concerns have been identified,
or if you disclose to us a vulnerability that could increase your risk of suffering significant
harm.
Explained and agreed: Yes

In your own words, please can you give me an overview of what’s been happening?
| split with her in June 2024, after feeling gaslighted for years. Since then, she would call and

message a lot. Every minute she was calling and threatening me, then apologising. When |
didn’t reply there would be another threat. She was messaging through the shared iPhone
notes. On some days there were 10 voicemails and around 100 missed calls. My phone went
off 30 times when police were taking a statement. | blocked her, but she would call from
unknown numbers. | was picking up the phone in case it was the police, but when it was
her, | would tell her | didn’t want to speak to her.

Two months ago, she came knocking at my door and crying, and | invited her in. | told her
she was destroying my life, and she said she felt so bad about it. When she was crying, |
gave her a hug goodbye because | felt bad. She sent £100 on Monzo with a message: “just
something to help you, heart, not much but all | can do for now.” | replied with a man
swimming back, as | didn’t know what to say and | just wanted to throw her off.

Six weeks ago, we had sex. Since then, there have been more messages and calls.

1. Seeking proximity: Has the subject tried to get near to the victim during the stalking
/
harassment?

Yes

Notes: She would turn up to my gigs. One night, she turned up to a gig and waited outside
the door. | have to promote gigs, and she will message saying that she went round to my
house, but | was out.

2. Threats /intimidation /aggression: Has the subject made threats, or been aggressive or
intentionally intimidating towards the victim or those close to them during the current

stalking/harassment?

© 2015 McEwan, T.E., Strand, S., MacKenzie, R.D., James, D.Vv.

Yes

Notes: | started a company in October, and she phoned the government and said | was using
the comedians’ names to sell drugs. | had a claim coming through for my knee, maybe
£50,000, and she said that | was making it up, so it looked like there was an investigation going
on into me. She said, “Karma is going to get you.

3. Unauthorised entry: Has the subject obtained entry to the victim’s house without

permission during the stalking /harassment?
No

Notes: She has tried to kick the door down. She also tried my neighbours, as they have a spare
key. She was messaging saying that if | didn’t answer, she would go to my neighbours.

4. Property damage / theft: Has the subject intentionally damaged or stolen any of the
victim’s property during the stalking / harassment?

No

5. Breaching legal boundaries: Is the subject known to have ignored a police warning or

breached a court directive in relation to this episode of stalking /harassment?
No

6. Escalation: Has the stalking /harassment become worse during the last few weeks?
Yes

Notes: Since we slept together 6 weeks ago, she is making allegations of rape.
7. Last-resort thinking: Does the subject seem to have reached a point where they have
nothing left to lose?

No

8. Unavoidable contact: Is the victim obliged by their situation to have contact with the
subject?

Yes

Notes: Live close together.

9. Previous stalking / harassment: |s the subject known to have engaged in past episodes of
harassment or stalking behaviour towards the same or a different victim, whether or not the
police have been involved?

© 2015 McEwan, T.E., Strand, S., MacKenzie, R.D., James, D.Vv.

Not Known

Notes: Due to her behaviour, | feel like she would have but I’m not sure.
10. Previous violence: Does the subject have any history of physical or sexual violence to any

victim, during or prior to the current stalking /harassment, whether or not the police have
been involved?

No

11. Mental health problems: Does the subject seem to have major mental health problems?

Not Known

Notes: Unsure but | feel like there would be.
12. Problematic substance use: Is the subject having problems caused by substance use?

Yes

Notes: Cocaine, vallum, ketamine and cannabis.
13. Significant loss: Has the subject recently experienced a significant loss that would be

expected to cause substantial stress?

No

Notes: she has quit her job recently, but her choice
14. Had the victim and subject been dating or in a sexual relationship prior to the

stalking/harassment?
Yes

14 Fear: Is the victim afraid that their ex-partner will seriously harm or kill them?

Yes

Notes: It’s in my mind that this is the way it would end, because she is following through on
her threats.

15. Possessiveness/jealousy: Has the ex-partner been markedly possessive of and/or jealous
about the victim during the previous relationship or the stalking/ harassment?
Yes

© 2015 McEwan, T.E., Strand, S., MacKenzie, R.D., James, D.Vv.

Notes: She was very manipulative and controlling during the relationship. She hates it when |
am happy.

16. Disputes over children / property: Are there any current disputes over access to shared
children or management of shared property? This may involve disputes that are being dealt
with in the courts.

No

Level of concern: MODERATE

Impact of Stalking:
e

She is making false allegations against me, to my friends. She has never made any
friends on her own whilst in Brighton she just makes friends with mine, it has made

me lose some friends.
e

Trying to put it to the back of my brain to do the comedy event, but it has been so
tiring.

e

Having night terrors about her.

e

Cancelled knee operation, as | am fearful that she would know | am bed bound
and would be more likely to turn up.

e

She makes threats of suicide and so | would worry about her.

e

| spend most of my time in my room with the lights off, so she does not know if |
am in. I’m too scared to have the lights on.

Evidence
In own possession:

Screenshots of messages, call logs
Police’s possession:
All passed over to police

Witness statements:

My ex-partner would give one if needed, as |’m still friends with her and look after her

daughter still.
Any of my friends would

Staff Comments
Currently, this case would be rated as medium risk. This is due to the presence of eight factors,
two of which are considered high-risk (seeking proximity and fear). The ex-partner would

attend gigs that she knew Ben was performing at and loiter outside. She would also message
Ben to say she had been outside his home and that she knew he was not there. Additionally,
the two live close to one another, and it is possible they may encounter each other when out.
A high-risk rating does not appear appropriate, as six weeks ago Ben and his ex-partner had

consensual sexual contact, and since then she has not attended any of his gigs or appeared

© 2015 McEwan, T.E., Strand, S., MacKenzie, R.D., James, D.Vv.

outside his home. The most recent instance of her turning up was two months ago, when she
was invited inside by Ben.

Actions:

e Send safety plan to Ben
e Email Officer in Charge

Victims Views:

If this case was to go to court, would you support prosecution? Yes
Would you consent to your phone being downloaded as evidence? Yes
Vulnerabilities:

Suicidal thoughts
ADHD

Working with other agencies: YES
Which agency: Police
Consent to contact: Yes

Follow up:

9/12/24 — 11am.

© 2015 McEwan, T.E., Strand, S., MacKenzie, R.D., James, D.Vv.

