Q

Chris Neville-Smith's blog on theatre
Reviews of stuff that's good

Brighton Fringe 2024 — as it happens
raat May 1, 2024November 16, 2024 & chrisontheatre

Monday 3rd June:

And that’s it. My Brighton Fringe coverage is done. I’m not holding on for Edinburgh
Fringe registrations numbers because, as far as I’m aware, we’ve already had all the
news we're going to get.

So apart from my pick of the fringe, here is a summary of what went down at
Brighton Fringe.

e The big news, of course, happened before Brighton Fringe has started. The shock
news was that Spiegeltent and Sweet have broken away from Brighton fringe and
are running their events separately. It is still not clear how serious they are about
this arrangement being permanent.
0 We also have confirmation that Brighton Fringe will not be recruiting another

chief executive. It started out of necessity following the backfiring gamble that
was Caravanserai, but the consensus amongst the trustees now is that they like a
more decentralised leadership. In the short term, Duncan Lusting-Prean is
“executive chairman” — in the longer term, it is planned to spread the chief
executive’s remit amongst several roles.

° The good news for Brighton Fringe is that ticket sales seem to have done well. I
got word after the first week that Fringe-wide sales were looking good. I haven't

had any update since then, but my default assumption is that the rest of the fringe
enjoyed similar success. Good ticket sales encourages acts to come back, and also

(usually) benefits venues and Brighton Fringe for their respective cuts.
e Other than than, Brighton Fringe seems to have made it through the fringe
without any major controversies. Certainly nothing has blown up in public
compared to the rows over bailout funding in 2021, or the implosion of The
Warren in 2022, or alleged favouritism of Caravanserai in 2023. Even Fool’s

Paradise, the sort-of successor to Caravanserai, had made a reasonably low-key
and uncontentious entry on the scene. In this respect, no news is good news.
o However, for reasons I can’t explain, my feeling is that the divisions within
Brighton Fringe are far from over. Relations with Spiegeltent are far from the only
problem; I am getting wind of rifts that previously had no idea existed. I’d
previously hoped a frank debate out in the open on the issues causing problems
would solve things — now, I’m increasingly coming to the view that the problem is
a lot more complex than most of us realised.
° I don’t think anyone wants the breakaway from Brighton Fringe to be permanent
— it’s more a matter of who holds out longer to get a venue agreement to their
liking. However, my hunch is that should all sides dig their heels in, Brighton
Fringe will be in the stronger position. The convenience of getting tickets through

a single box office does seem to be a big decider in where people choose to spend
their money — even though the booking fees are higher. And whilst there has been

no organised preference between venues inside and outside Brighton Fringe, the
convenience of the review ticketing system seems to be working in favour of acts
inside Brighton Fringe. There are various arguments why this isn’t an issue for
Spiegeltent and Sweet — but it could be a problem if you’re a new act trying to
make a name for yourself.

oe However, it is my view that the big losers of the breakaway are the fringe-going

public. Sure, Brighton Fringe’s website still has its problems (ones which I think
wouldn’t be that difficult to fix now), but navigating three different websites to
plan your day is a massive pain. So my position from the start of the fringe is
unchanged: I am not interested in Brighton Fringe or the breakaway venues going
into a blame game — I expect them to make reasonable efforts to come to a
resolution on these disputes. If we really really can’t, we may have to instead look
at an orderly divorce. But we can’t go on like this in the long term. How long this
goes on is up to you.

Oh, and the news from me is, for once at Brighton Fringe, 1 ACTUALLY MADE
SOME MONEY. So thank you all who followed this coverage and all who came to see
my crazy show. I'll try to get a roundup done as soon as I can. In the meantime, have
a break everybody.

Sunday 2nd June:
And so, it’s the moment you’ve been waiting for. Who has made it into my pick of the
fringe? And the next tier of honourable mention. This is doubly interesting this year

because this is the first time I will be giving verdicts on Rotunda plays that I saw.
Thank you to all the Rotunda acts for understand my rules on embargo. I intend to
get those out shortly in my roundup, which I will try very hard to not leave until

November this time.
It was quite well contested in the end. Some plays that I originally had lined up for

pick of the fringe lost out because the list was getting long. A reminder that for
Honourable Mention, which a good all-round standard of performance helps, I’m
more interested in things that stand out. A play with excellent staging and a weak
script, or a play with an excellent script but ropey staging, beats a play that’s
reasonable all-rounder but with nothing that particularly stands out. Potential also
counts a lot.

Also a reminder that this is a list of theatre. Shows that weren’t billed as theatre can
still end up in this list if they score highly when judged as theatre; similarly some
shows billed theatre might not be considered if, in my opinion, they are better served

by another category.
Anyway, here we go...

(https: / /chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/wp-

content/ uploads /2024/05/530cd91e69beddc7727aab09.webp)
Pick of the fringe:
A Year and a Day”
Can’t Stop Carrying On

Helios

Kemble’s Riot
The Last Gun
(Plastic and Chicken Bones)

The Unstoppable Rise of Ben Manager*
Honourable mention:
Coleridge-Taylor of Freetown*
Dawn Again*
Dear Eliza

Headache*
Spit it Out*
Two Come Home*
Pretty Witty Nell*
* = Rotunda performance, review embargoed during fringe.

() = Seen in previous year.

Bold = Ike Award (my equivalent to five stars)
Congratulations to those in the list, and thanks again to so many of you for valuing
my opinion and putting your trust in my judgement.

And for those of you waiting award announcement from Brighton Fringe proper,

good luck with that too.

Saturday 1st June — Terrible People:
Last review now, and it’s difficult one to review. I normally don’t review stand-up

comedy because I don’t know where to start. I loved Alasdair Beckett-King’s
Nevermore a couple of years back, but I can’t say whyI liked it other than I found it
funny. So here we have Jane Postelthwaite’s new show. She made a name for herself
with a series of character comedies including the brilliant Made in Cumbria. What I
hadn’t realised, however, is that Terrible People is a long-planned return to stand-up.
However, as I saw this on a review ticket, I will try.
I was wondering exactly what level of terribleness we would be expecting of the
terrible people in this show. Would be be going for the high-end of the market such as
murdering lots of people and burying them under patios, or will it be the other end
such as standing in the ticket barrier like an idiot when your ticket fails to read. It
turns out it’s largely the latter — something that was hinted by when the audience
were invited to fill in their reasons of why they’re a terrible person. Fred West,
Harold Shipman and Pol Pot can breathe a sigh of relief, but chavs who play music

on mobile phones on the bus are liable to be in for it.
What fans of her character comedy set will recognise is her engagement with the
audience. Even in the largely scripted character comedy pieces, there was a lot of
audience engagement done well, and it steps up a gear here. Usual rules apply for
stand-up comedy: if you are a lovey-dovey couple on the front row, you can expect
this to be pointed out. On the whole, however, it is a friendly interaction and nobody

gets singled out to be shown up.
Beyond that, I can’t say much more than I had fun — we'll have to leave it to stand-up
comedy reviewers for a more details appraisal. If there’s one thing that I thought was
a bit too tame, it was sticking to the not-really-terrible side of terrible people. There is
a lot that could be explored here, and one such thing is actually terrible people whose

misdeed are overlooks because we like their comedy and/or their opinions. She has
sometimes verred into more serious topics before (such as Last Night at the Circus),
maybe it could be done here — and this is still officially work in progress so maybe

there’s still time to do this. Or it might not fit in, and only Jane can really tell that one
way or the other. Anyway, my verdict is: 1 thought it was funny and had a good time.
Not the most helpful review — this is why I stick to theatre — but hope you approve.

Friday 31st May:

Final weekend, and one last look at what’s coming up.
Not in my pre-fringe picks, but tonight at 9.15 at the Rotunda is The Unstoppable

Rise of Ben Manager. Review for this one will be coming, but for now, probably the
best way to summarise this is that it’s The Office if David Lynch had directed it. You
don’t have to have worked in a godawful corporate bullshit culture to enjoy it, but it
certainly helps, with the words “gaining traction” being right at home with the
buzzwords I grew to hate. Last chance tonight.
Tomorrow, we have the return of Improv show Crime Scene Improvisation — where
the murderer is decided by majority vote. This is at 3.30 p.m. and 6.00 p.m. at
Komedia.

There’s also the last two performances of I’ll Blow Your House Down at 7.45 tonight

and 6.15 tomorrow, and Gruoch: The Lady Macbeth also rings tonight and tomorrow
at Sweet, both days 7.00 p.m.
Nearly there now. Just one review to go, and then it’s the moment of truth. I choose
my pick of the fringe — and that, for the first time, shows which Rotunda
performances I rated the highest. Don’t go away.

Thursday 30th May:
So, we’re nearing the end of Brighton Fringe, and there have been no major
controversies — at least, nothing that’s blown up out in the open. And compared to
the implosion of The Warren in 2022 and the row over Caravanserai in 2023, that is a
distinct improvement. One might think that puts Brighton Fringe in a good position
to lets things calm down and settle with the breakaway venues. And a few days ago,
I might have thought that. However, I now have some doubts about this. For reasons
I can’t explain, I now have reasons to believe the schisms under the surface are
deeper than they look.

I’m honestly not sure how to resolve this. If it was simply down to disputes over the
venue agreement, or even complaints about general organisation, I’d be in favour of

debating this out in the open and let consensus push the decision one way or the
other. But I now think it’s too complex for that. Brighton Fringe is not without its
opportunities for public engagement, with these Future of the Fringe meetings. But
anecdotally, I’m hearing these events tend to get dominate by debate on a single
issue, that may or may not be something the rest of us care about. In short, Brighton
Fringe could do everything I’ve suggested to win back the confidence of breakaway

venues — talk over venue agreements, do a better job on the website, etc. — but it still
won't be enough to smooth things over. It may instead come down to clashes we
don’t even know are going on.

But I am starting to come to the view that if breakaway venues does go into another
year, it will be Brighton Fringe who will have the upper hand. My own experience
this year is that the strong majority of tickets I sold went via Brighton Fringe, even

though you avoid a substantial booking fee if you book directly with the Rotunda. It
seems the convenience of booking everything on one site is quite a draw. On top of
that ... I’m not sure there have been any reviews for Spiegeltent at all. That’s not
necessarily a problem for established acts in breakaway venues, who don’t need
reviews and can probably count on their customers bothering with the hassle of a
different website, but it’s would certainly worry me if I was an emerging hoping to
be noticed.

On the other hand, based on my own observations and other people’s reports,
Spiegeltent is doing fine with bar sales, which, let’s face it, is where the real money is
made if you’re a bigger venue. It’s not impossible that Spiegeltent could allow its
performance events to drift off elsewhere, wind down to just token performances,
and be a pop-up bar. Unless- ... no, I’m not going to repeat the speculation made in
private because the mere mention of it would be a massive shitshow. All I’ll say for
now is that abandoning your aspirations as a place for upcoming acts to be noticed is
bad for everybody.

My position is unchanged: the status quo benefits no-one, please sort your shit out.
That task now looks harder than I imagined. But I still want it sorted out.

Wednesday 29th May — Karaoke at the SU:
Maybe I’m a glutton for punishment, but ever since I saw the infamous graphic sex

scene between puppet plants in Blood and Bone, I’ve been a sucker for anything
involving puppet sex. Not such graphic puppet sex this time and no plants involved,

but the puppet sex scene is part of a wider story that is set off by a hasty one-night

stand, and the events set in motion over the next two years. The first scene is where
Benji meets Lorna for the first time after the encounter — in the abortion clinic. Turns
out neither the condom nor the morning after pill did the job, and her friend’s
directed Benji here for the right bit of support. But even though they bicker, you can
see early on that these two have a real chemistry for each other. There would be a real
chance this would get somewhere if the abortion hadn’t been a dampener. Might
things work out anyway?
In addition, there are frequent scenes throughout the play of student union karaoke.
Now, here, I really must congratulate Cubicle Theatre for doing their homework here,

because this is not just bad singing — this is exactly the kind of bad singing you see at
karaoke, featuring over-enthusiastic diving into songs, drunken shifts in pitch and
getting lost as to when you’re actually singing. They also got the puppetry right, with
toilet sex carried out by puppets, most of the rest of the play carried out by the
humans who were operating them.
And then, I realised, to my dismay ... the play doesn’t seem to have any plan as to
where it goes next. My first room for doubt was when we go back to when they met.
Far from the chemistry we see in the opening scene, we see these two doing little but
disparage each other’s course, making me think: what did they see in each other the
first time round? And after the abortion clinic, there’s a series of further scenes that
feel increasingly under-rated. At one point, they do kiss again and arrange a proper
date to go to a proper theatre — but one of them stands the other one up with no clear

reason why. The use of the puppets gets increasingly random. We reach a point
towards the end of the play where actors and puppets all get up on stage together for
a big quartet karaoke finale. At last, i think, we’ll know what this is all about — and
then, when the singing is about the start, they all stare into the audience ... then just
leave. Why, I don’t know.
I fear this has fallen foul of a common writing mistake — but one that usually happens
in books. It’s where you start writing something interesting without a plan for what
this is leading to. You can sometimes get away with this in books, but you rarely get
away with it in theatre. Yes, many playwriting courses encourage you to develop a
character first and then see where the writing takes you — but in practice, you should
always have some idea of the story your characters are going to give you as you
develop them. What we have here is lots of little scenes coverage little character traits
such as career aspirations and family relationships — but do little to contribute to the

story outside of the scene they’re in. I would advise going back and looking at the
characters again, but choose more traits and backstories that contribute to where the
relationship is going. There’s a strong opening to the play and it’s a shame it fizzles

out so soon — but it doesn’t have to be that way with a plan of where the play is
supposed to go.

Tuesday 28th May:
Nope. That was off the record. Sorry everybody, I’m going to have to keep this to
myself.

So instead I’m going to cover a different gripe. I have a bit of a conflict of interest
with this because it primarily affects my co-producer venue The Rotunda, but this is
an angle to noise bleed that we haven;t considered yet. We’ve talked about shows
being disturbed by noise from other shows and raucous bar customers, but by far the
most piss-taking disturbances are coming from bars and other events that have
nothing to do with the fringe. And in the case of the Rotunda, they’ve really drawn
the short straw with the i360, who seem to have abandoned any courtesy for not only
them, but all the local residences and anyone hoping to relax on the beach.
I need to be careful here. There are a lot of vexatious noise complaints going on at the
moment. We have all heard of the people who move next door to a music venue and
then complain to the council about the music. But somewhere a line has to be drawn.
At the risk of going full boomer, I have never subscribed to the theory that music,
dance and regular bar events can only be enjoyed if the music is so loud you have to

shout in someone’s ear to be heard, but most pubs and clubs do at least keep their
noise inside a venue. Lately — and Brighton’s far from the only place that does this — it

seems to have become fashionable to blare music in the open air that can be heard
half a mile away. Which might be fine if it’s a one-off massive event, but let’s face it,
the i360 isn’t exactly the Pyramid stage at Glastonbury or Fat Boy Slim on Brighton
Beach. And I’m not convinced the few dozen people at the event /pub are any more
numerous that the number of people in the two Rotunda spaces at any one time.
What I really object to, however, is the double standard that’s going on here. If the
position of Brighton and Hove City Council was that Brighton is a party city and you
have to be used to this sort of thing, I would at least see where they were coming
from. It is no. On the contrary, the council are quite particular about noise levels —
sometimes. It is quite fair that when a event sets up on what’s normally a quiet park,
the peace and quiet of the residents in the surrounding buildings should be

considered and respected. This means the Rotunda cannot expand to anything like
the scale of Warren/Spiegeltent /Caravanserai, but everybody accepts that. And yet

the i360 appears to have a free pass to routine cause a way bigger disturbance with
no repercussions whatsoever.
This is not fair on either the Rotunda or local residents, and depending on where
things end up in the future, stands to be unfair on other Brighton Fringe venues too.
Either there’s some serious favouritism going on with Brighton and Hove City

Council, or they need to pull their finger out and enforce rules that some people seem
free to ignore as they please. Or, if you must, make it a free-for-all and let venues set
up their own noise to counter their noisy neighbours. But the current situation is
indefensible. And maybe we should stop giving the i360 business until they learn to
show their neighbours a fraction of the consideration everyone else does.

Monday 27th May, 11.00 p.m.:

And that’s all from me in Brighton. After 12 days over two visits, I’m returning home

for the second and final time.
I’ve just had a very interesting email regarding something I covered earlier in the
fringe, but I’d better check what he said was on the record before publishing it.

Suffice to say, this might ruffle a few feathers.
Coverage not quite finished yet. There will be daily updates until the end of the
fringe on Sunday, and there’s a few reviews to wrap up, but right now I need to go to
sleep for a week. In the meantime, here is a picture of a tree on the street where I was
staying.

(https: //chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/wp-c ontent/u ploads/2024/05/wp17168464518743929503119412289983.
jpeg)

Monday 27th May, 3.00 p.m.- That Witch Helen:

For all its qualities, Greek mythology — in common with most literature written over

1,000 years ago — doesn’t exactly have the healthiest attitude towards women. And,
quite frankly, we’ve been on a losing battle with this one. When the origin story of
many of the Greek characters — Zeus changing into a swan and going round raping
women -— gets revered the greatest erotic writing (as opposed to the correct answer of
“Seriously? What the fuck is wrong with you?”), it’s not too much of a surprise how
other female characters are written. Many companies have taking on the challenge of
giving this a more feminist angle, and Sybil Theatre are taking on the narrative of
Helen being a sort-of Meghan Markle of the Trojan era, where she is to blame for the
fall of the city, in a biopic of her life.

Plasterboard Sandwhich might have bitten off more than it could chew with logistics,
but that’s not the case here. This cast of three take on a very production values-heavy
performance and never stumble once. One bold decision was to keep in some of the

weirder bits of mythology, such as some rulers of Troy having fifty sons and fifty
daughters, and Helen and her sister hatching from an egg — and have this accepted as
normal in mythological Greece, move on. The play goes through Helen’s life, from
her life in brutal Sparta, bowing to expectations and marrying the middle-aged man

she leasts objects to, ruling as Queen, until there’s a speedy elopement, a flight away
to Troy, followed by biggest recorded brawl] in history over looking at your bird
funny. Greek myths aren’t always great at their stories making sense, character
motivations or otherwise, but at every point Helen is made into a believable
character, something deciding for herself, sometimes swept along by events outside

her control.
However, the thing that didn’t quite work is the very thing this retelling was meant
to draw people on: Helen’s status as a hate figure. Greek myths are actually a good
source for retellings and reimaginings, because there’s some many
different / contradictory versions of the most famous tales (the Troy siege, for
example, ranges from revelling in the destruction to her, to buggering off to Egypt)
that you can pick and choose what you want to give the angle you want. And it is
certainly believable that the Trojan equivalent of the Daily Express would run a
twelve-page supplement that it’s all her fault the war started. But this treatment
introduces a new plot hole: if the entire city of Troy is united behind the idea that it’s
all Helen’s fault ... why didn’t they just hand her over to the Greeks and Spartans?
(There is a bit about the Helen being an excuse for an invasion they were planning
anyway, but still, one would have thought that Helen-haters would have given this a
try if you’ve nothing to lose.) This line, I think, requires a lot more effort in worldbuilding for the politics of Troy to make sense for the situation they’ve chosen. Or ...
would it make more sense for Helen’s status as Meghan-in-chief to be a story created
by Troy’s enemies?

That Witch Helen does have an unexpected success in the depiction of the siege. Far
from a romanticised account of the victorious army saying “Hurrah!”, the fall of Troy
is described with the full horrors of any conflict of that period. But, frustratingly, this
version that scores highly over most areas stumbles on the one thing that was

supposed to be a focus. There’s no simple way of making it a story of a woman
blamed by all Trojans for the ills fallen upon them and still make sense. There are two
choices, on of which is to do it anyway. Or, you could just focus on a play about the
horrors of war instead. Which route you want is up to you.

Monday 27th May, 12.30 p.m. — Plasterboard

Sandwich:
Well, we’ve talked about the new Sweet Venue, now for a play.
Will Oliver plays Matthew, a recluse who lives in a squalid bedsit. And it’s plain to
see from the outset: the small alcove that the new Sweet space has is packed full of
stuff: some essential pieces of furniture for a flat, but a lot of it is just junk. Once

senses early on that Matthew is one of these people who thrived in a university
environment but does not cope in the real world — although we soon learn of a bad
experience in university days that surely was partly responsible for how he lives
now. In fact, so much has he withdrawn from society that he can’t even call for help
when he hears neighbours through paper-thin walls in danger.
One thing that is easily underestimated by everyone is just how complex a job a
prop-busy play is. It’s important to understand the difference between what's a
functional prop and what's just set dressing. Props whose only function is to be
visible to the audience as part of a set are easy — but props you interact with are
considerably more complicated to work with. My last play I did for myself involved
interaction with only eight props — and that was still a huge challenge that needed a
lot of rehearsing. This must have beena logistical nightmare. And the first question
you should always ask yourself: is it really necessary to do something this
complicated.

To be fair, there is a good argument in favour of yes here. Normally it’s conventional
wisdom to keep your stage simple in fringe production, but in this case the cluttered
squalor does have the impact a simplified set wouldn’t. And, to give credit where it is
due, it was a big achievement that this performance worked at all. There were props
that fell over which weren’t supposed to, and sadly the level of attention needed to
look after the set did lead a moment where he got lost in the script — but you can
counter-balance this against all the staggeringly complicated things that went right. A
bit more practice and the effect of the squalid set would work well.
However, there is also a rule that if you’re going to make one thing complicated, keep
everything else simple. Some of the sounds were doing on stage through percussive
effects on the props and musical instruments. This could also define a play — but I
really wouldn’t recommend doing that as well as the complex set unless you really
really really really know what you're doing. As it stood, this looked like a halfhearted addition which to me felt like more trouble than it was worth. And Matthew
is constantly stuttering and never completing sentences — but this came at the price of

losing track of the story. We never really got to understand the full state of his
relationship with his sort-of love interest, nor could I keep track of his landlady,
whether she now had his dog, and whether the was the same woman as the one with
the violent partner next door. And did Matthew really hide himself in a fridge at the
end? That was really confusing.
Plasterboard Switch as it stands in a very ambitious project, but I wondering if Oliver

understood how ambitious this is, or whether it should be that ambitious. But the
impact of a squalid flat is there. I would concentrate on that, heavily simplify
elsewhere, and try to put myself in the mind of the audience understanding what’s
going on. Do that, and we can unlock a lot more potential out of this.

Monday 27th May, 10.00 a.m.:

Phew, nearly there. Week 4 has begun. For the second last time, a look at what’s
coming up.

So the headliner for this week is Gruoch — The Lady Macbeth. Caroline Burns-Cooke

has some excellent plays in her back catalogue, with a particular acclaim for
understanding what makes people do terrible things — and Lady Macbeth wasn’t
exactly short of terrible things she had a hand in. However, this is a rare occasion
where she is performing a play written by someone else. Interesting to see how this
works, but surely it will be something similar to the format that’s worked so well.
Starts Wednesday at Sweet at 7.00, running to Saturday.

And a quick list of what else is continuing
/ returning:
o As I’ve just given a glowing review for below, the fantastic The Last Gun, very
much in the style of the cult TV show Gareth Marenghi's Darkside.

A one-man

documentary looking back at Orville Movie’s seminal 1970s Western where there
is only one gun.

e Jane Postelthwaite’s Terrible People has its last performance today at 3.30 p.m.,
The Actors. This is stand-up comedy rather than her usual character comedy.
Review coming. If I can work out how to review stand-up which I don’t normally
do.

e Dear Eliza starts its second batch today at 8.00 p.m., BN1 Arts Centre, running
until Wednesday. Covers the niche topic of a close friendship put under strain by

depression — but there is a twist I won’t give away just yet.
e Last two appearances of Stolen Table’s absurdist/ clowning with Identity Theft,
today 9.15 Rotunda, and then tomorrow and 10 .30 Bar Broadway.

o Re-starting Thursday 7.45 Thursday, Georgie Steele’ Ill Blow Your House Down,
about navigating officialdom with either a disability or the responsibility of a
carer for a disability.

Oh, and it’s the last day for me today. Hope to work in a couple more before the

journey home.

Sunday 26th May, 6.30 pm. — The Last Gun:
And we now interrupt our coverage to bumpa review up to the top. As you know,
this is a theatre review blog and not a comedy review blog, but I see a fair amount of
comedy anyway as there is a lot of overlap between the two. Some things listed as
comedy I think are more like theatre than comedy and are reviewed as such. For outand-out comedy performances, though, I tend to include the ones I like in honourable
mentions. Very rarely, I put one of those in pick of fringe. But for the first time ever,
an out-and-out comedy entry gets my highest accolade possible in a review.
Congratulations to The Last Gun for something that has never been done before.

IKE
jink
S

AWARD

for outstanding theatre
»

(https:/ /chrisontheatre.wordpress.com /wp-content/uploads/2017/08 /ike-awardnarrow.png¢)
The closest thing I can liken this to is a comedy series forgotten by most but with a
dedicated cult following: Darkplace. This spoof documentary switches between
talking heads of writer/director / performer Gareth Marenghi earnestly talking about
how great his TV series is with clips of a painfully terrible show. This adopts the
same format, with a television screen playing talking heads clips of various people
(all plaved by Will BF) involved in the making of the cult terrible film The Last Gun —
directed by the renowned Orville Movie, operating in the UK under the alternate
name Terry Bull-Film.

But the main event is the clips of the film, with all parts of stage played in person by
Will BF. We begin with a scene in with the bar where a no-good hoodlum terrorises a
sweet old lady for her money and drinks. He plays numerous characters uses the
tried and tested technique of a prop (in this case a headscarf) to play all the characters
— but it’s clear from the start this is a cut above most routines. This continues to be
interspersed with the talking heads in a way that’s very very very funny. It turns out,

for example, that the woman playing the terrorised old lady dies half-way during
filming of the scene, which explains the recent appearances where she was just lying
there when you expected a line. We then hear that the entire extras budget was blown
in that scene, but don’t worry, the remaining characters will be played by puppets.
Mixed into all of this is an audacious amount of audience interaction. It starts with a

screen asking someone to put in the video cassette, as the whole show is on there,
and goes on to include making play-doh props in the scene where he escapes from
the train jail, and a live-action video game of a chess match where the cheating

Russian nukes the chess board and it comes down to a shoot-out between the last two
surviving chess pieces. If none of these plot devices make sense, the overall story of
the film is a Western in a alternate history where there’s no guns — except for the
fabled Last Gun, which legend tells us can be used to walk into a bank and get all the
money you want.

I’ll leave it up to comedy reviewers to give a more detailed appraisal of funniness,

but as far as I’m concerns there’s three things I consider in a review: the idea, the
execution of the idea, and the practicalities of getting it on stage. The Last Gun excels
at all three. The show describes itself as “The World’s First (probably) live comedy
documentary”, but the idea of a stage equivalent of Darkplace is such a brilliant idea
it’s truly a wonder how no-one how no-one has done this before. Great ideas
frequently fail to live up to potential when they’re written, but there’s none of that
here with the sharp writing. As for the execution ... it’s a massively complicated task
to integrate live performance, video and audience interaction, not to mention all of

the extras, but this is all pulled off. I suppose I should mention that this idea is still
under development and some things I saw today that didn’t get enough laughs
might not be in the show tomorrow, but I don’t care. Call this comedy or theatre, but
this is live performance at its best. You’ve got one more chance to see this at 3.30 p.m.
tomorrow. Catch it if you’re free and you won't regret it.

Sunday 26th May, 11.00 a.m. — Helios:
Okay, no more stalling. Let’s get a move on with with these reviews. And I’m going
to start with Helios, which I chose in order to finally catch something at Fool’s
Paradise.

(https: //chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/wp-content /uploads /2024/05/1934742-

831585-35.jpg)
Told by Alexander Wright of Wright and Grainger, it’s a sort-of retelling of the Greek
legend of Helios and Phaeton, transplanted to a modern setting. The names stay the
same: Helios is now a long-haul pilot, who may only be a mortal man, but to his two
sons he is still worshipped as a god. Helios’s chariot is now the golden-coloured
classic car that Phaeton has been promised he can drive one day. But it is not clear
when Phaeton last saw his father. Ever since a family tragedy, the man he idolises has
retreated into longer and longer flights away.
In principle, this is a storytelling piece. The giant lights Wright walks round whilst
telling to tale aren’t actually needed as part of the story — but it still looks pretty good.

The focus of the tale, however, is about the struggles of being fourteen. “Phaeton”
also idolised his music buff mother’s musical tastes, and whilst his musical tastes are
entirely correct, it’s not the correct answer to Fit InTM with the cool kids. This brings
him into confrontations with particularly cocky posturing kid. One small but
surprisingly effective touch is getting members of the audience to read out various
confrontations with this newly-acquired rival.
But ... when the other kid allows his mask to slip for a moment, it turns out he has is
own vulnerabilities. He might taunt Phaeton about when was the last time he saw his
dad and whether his dad will let him fly a plane at 18 (yes, Phaeton has somewhat
stretched the truth) or his plane really does pull the sun into the sky (ditto) — but his
own father, around all the time, still treats him as invisible. I guess it depends a lot of
who gets the lines to read out, but with the right person, the finely crafted
confrontations of two teenagers trying to hold their own and look cool in an everescalating game of chicken is one of the best bits of writing I’ve seen. It will be a
reminder for anyone who’s been fourteen of the absurdly gladiatorial world that
fourteen-year-olds create for themselves. But the story doesn’t end there, as the dare
and counter-dares culminates in a stupid stunt that cements a friendship for the
future.

The other memorable passage was the fateful day of Phaeton’s older brother, going to
the city with his dad for his 14th birthday, driving in the golden car, music tape
prepared by mum, every track a banger ... but I’ll say no more about how that turns
out. Suffice to say that by the time you reach this spot, you’ll know where it goes.
This related to the other half of the act is the musical score from other half of the
collaboration, Phil Clive Grainger, with a mixture of original music and tunes from
that tape, most importantly Don’t Let the Sun Go Down on Me. Annoyingly, however,
the noise bleed from the other space didn’t do this soundscape any favours. Noise
bleed isn’t really the fault of the performers, but I’d recommend that either a noise

bleed-proof edition of the soundscape is available, or more care is taken to avoid this.
This came very close to an Ike Award. The only reason it stumbled at the final hurdle
is that, wonderful though the world was of teenage bravado and insecurities was, it
veered too far away from the source material for the ending to make that much sense.
In the original Greek myth, Phaeton was arrogant and reckless, ignoring his father’s
repeated warnings not to ride a chariot he could not control. But this Phaeton showed

no signs of recklessness on that scale, the stupid thing he ever did having come out of
peer pressure rather than hubris. It might have come to a more natural conclusion if
the ending was seen as inevitable based after foreshadowing of how reckless he’d

become. But it would be difficult to do that without it becoming a different story, and
I would not want the story that had been built up before to change. This Helios might
have lost the meaning of the original Helios — but the story that arises in its place is a
fine work in its own right.

Saturday 25th May, 7.30 p.m.:
I knowI said I’d do review later today, but my brain is still fried from this afternoon,
and the three pending reviews need some thought.
What I can do, however, is catch up on our last new venue of note, which is the new

Sweet Venues at the Yellow Book. Probably the best summary I can give of the Yellow
Book is that it’s the closest thing we have to do to the Dukebox. I know the reasons
why the Duke of Wellington pub (renamed to the Southern Belle, causing the theatre
name to stop making sense) was ditched, but landlord behaviour aside, I still
maintain the Dukebox was the best all-round venue Sweet ever had. The Poet’s was a
good venue to — it’s just a shame that it was a hassle to get to in deepest Hove. I
believe the upstairs room at the Yellow Book has a capacity of 27 (Dukebox had 35).
The stage area has an alcove that you’d need to work with, but that’s a comparable
challenge to the long thing stage that Dukebox had. Should Sweet wish to go back to
running how the Dukebox did, they are in a good position to do so.

But to repeat the caveat: Sweet Venues now isn’t the same as Sweet Venues when
they had the Dukebox. They used to be a production company before they took on
venues, and their priority is heavily shifting back to production. With this plus the

ongoing issue over whether or not to run within Brighton Fringe, I’m drawing blank
for now. Sweet the the Yellow Book could easily run like the Dukebox did if they
wanted to — whether they will is another question.

Saturday 25th May, 10.00 a.m.:
Okay, one more time. Let’s be a game show host. After that I can start on reviews.

Friday 24th May, 7.00 p.m.:

So before I restart on reviews, I’ve had my first proper look at Fool’s Paradise.
As per my impression earlier, Fool’s Paradise can be roughly considered a scaled
down verison of Caravanserai, at least in terms of ancilliary trade. There are still two

spaces, this time pop-up domes of a similar shape of The Rotunda. Other than that,
there’s one bar, one savoury food outlet, one sweet fooud outlet, and that’s about it.
There is one advantage to this setup for performers: it largely does away with the

noise bleed issue from the bar area. Traffic and music blaring out of PA system and
noisy outdoor acts have all been a pain in the past — but in my experience by far the
biggest problem both Warren and Caravanserai had was the racous noise from
drinkers outside usually from late afternoon and getting worse into the evening.
Spiegeltent had this issue too, but with most of their acts being cabarate it wasn’t
really sa problem. A poignant moment in a play, however, could easily be spoilt.
Annoyingly, however, noise bleed between the two spaces themselves in worse than
Caravanserai. A cabaret show in one space can easily disrupt the play in the other. So
should this carry on, I would recommend programming to avoid pairing a noisy
show with a quiet one.
One small oddity: the front of house staff are wearing Brighton Fringe outfits. Odd,
because I thought it was Head First Acrobats running this. Perhaps there’s not as
much distance between Fool’s Paradise and and Brighton Fringe as I was led to

believe. I would be careful about this, because it wouldn’t take such to restart the
arguments over favouritism.

Another stranger oddity: I saw paper copies of the programme — something which I
thought they weren’t doing. Not certain what’s happened here, but it seems that
Brighton Fringe managed to get a bit of funding for a very limited print run (the
same as the automatically generated PDF you can get off the site), which is given out
to the odd punter who really really really can’t manage with the website.
And as for a prediction from me as to whether Fool’s Paradise will be back next year
after last year’s prediction of Caravanserai? Not a chance.

Friday 24th May, 1.30 p.m.:

A lot to catch up on now. I’ve had my first proper visits to Sweet and Fool’s Paradise.
However, first thing’s first: we need once more to look at what’s coming up:
Firstly, another embarrassing entry for the chrisontheatre corrections corner. In my
defence, I don’t think many people realised that Samuel Taylor-Coleridge and Samuel
Coleridge-Taylor are two different people. But Coleridge-Taylor of Freetown is about

Samuel Coleridge-Taylor the composer, not Samuel Taylor Coleridge the poet. They
are not, as I’d assumed, a composer who did some poetry on the side. Anyway, Tayo

Aluko’s play about the nephew of the composer restarts at 5.30 today, running until
Sunday. Don’t worry albatross fans, no albatross shootings this week.
Couple of comedy highlights. Dave Bibby’s wonderfully wholesome Baby Dinosaur

comes for one performance only. There’s quite a lot of comedy shows of the “One
Man

” format, but the difference here is that Dave Bibby never got round to

doing his one-man Jurassic Park show because he’s been too busy looking after the
new baby — but never find, the audience can help out. What the show is really about,
however, is a homage to how much kids take up your time, but it’s still worth it
every step of the way. Featuring the cutest Tyrannosaurus Rex attack you’ve ever
seen. One performance only, tomorrow at 6.45 p.m., Caxton Arms.

I’m also looking forward to Jane Postelthwaite’s new show, Terrible People. Ever

since I saw Made in Cumbria, she’s been one of my favourite character comedians,
often hilarious, sometimes poignant. This show about terrible people, however, could

be cutting closer to the bone. Who are the terrible people really, and might they be
closer than you think? This is part of Lamb Comedy’s Big Queer Weekender, but her
shows have wide appeal across all audiences. Showing Saturday and Sunday at 8.00
p-m., then Monday at 3.30 p.m. All at The Actors.
And finally, we have one more showing of Stephen Catling: Beehavioural Problems

Something Something Autism, on Saturday at 7.45 at the Rotunda. And that’s a wrap.
Enjoy.

Thursday 23rd May, 2.00 p.m.:
Nearly with you. My favourite ritual of the journey is catching the view from
Balcombe Viaduct. Enjoy.

Thursday 23rd May, 11.00 a.m. — Dear Eliza:

Here I am on a basy train to London again. I’ll be with you soon. Whilst we’re

waiting, Vil Be one more review out.
hare

cntifthoend ofihisttimee tiewene

was-in BN-Lasts-contre-CORRECTION: Nope, apparently not. could have sworn it
was. Maybe I got mixed up with Stolen Table. Anyway, it’s at BN1 throughout the
run.

That venue is a newcomer to Brighton Fringe, and given the current trend of moving
away from big venues, may in future become another notable player. But anyway,
sod it. I have a big backlog of Rotunda reviews that I can’t put off forever, so let’s do
this one early.

Dear Eliza is unashamedly a play about depression and mental health. I won’t beat
around the bush, this is just about the hardest thing to write as a play, simply because
it’s such as abstract subject.. There are ways of doing it — Character Flaw managed to
pull this off and earned a lot of acclaim for doing so. But I’ve also seen artists I have a
lot of respect for trying to explain what’s going on in their heads to the rest of us, and

I’ve just ended up confused as to what they were trying to say. A safer option is to
put the mental health problems alongside another driver in the story, and this is what
Barabra Diesel does here. The format of mental health problems having an effect on
the people around you is a very tried and tested technique to help understand the

subject — but this time, there is a twist.
In fact, this is review where I need to stick in a spoiler alert. I’ll try my best to avoid
giving the game away, but if you’ve already decided you’re going to see this, I advise

you to stop reading yourself and see when the penny drops. Everyone else: the play
begins with one of many “Dear Eliza” letter from Maeve. Maeve is clearly not in a
good way. Barbara Diesel then talks about the struggles she’s had with her own
mind. Introduced quite soon is her change in friendships. As a child, she was only
ever part of a “gang”: a circle of friends who have fun together — but not exactly your

go-to for personal problems where there’s no-one else to turn to. University is very
different. Eliza and Maeve share no secrets with each other. So much of the choices
they make together define who they are as individuals.
But there is another theme to this play that doesn’t become obvious until later. Much
of the story hinges on an assumption on who has which role in the friendship. One is
an emotional mess who needs someone to turn to, whilst the other is a tower of
strength. But what if it’s more complicated than that? What if this friend-in-need
status isn’t quite what she thinks it is? When the twist is finally revealed, it is a harsh

lesson over one of the most dangerous assumptions to make about mental health,
being ... no, I won’t say what it is just yet, because it’s too much of a giveaway. But it
is the defining moment of the story.

Just one request — not with the play as such but the surrounding information. As is
recognised good practice, the play comes with links to various resources such as
MIND for anyone affected by this. However, I would go further and include factual
information about the themes that feed into the play. Normally I’d discourage this
practice, on the grounds that if you can’t express something in the script you need to
write a better one. However, as I said, mental health is an abstract subject to
understand and it’s inevitable that some people will need to re-check or re-read
things that looked important. There was quite a lot said about therapists not properly
understanding how to be helpful, but I only caught some of that, and this is the sort

of thing I’d like a check up on again. Other than that, Dear Eliza has a very specific

remit, but does the good job it set out to do, with an important message about really
looking out for your friends.

Wednesday 22nd May:
Ah crap. I’m already behind on packing and paperwork, and then I get distracted by

an unscheduled general election announcement. Solidarity with all suitably
distracted people.

Anyway, just a quick not on something I haven’t noticed before. I’m not sure whether
this has only just been added, or whether it’s been here for longer and I haven’t
noticed. If it’s the latter, Brighton Fringe have been surprisingly quiet that they’ve
done this, but ... We finally have listings of Brighton Fringe shows in chronological
order! It’s here! (https://www.brightonfringe.org /starting-soon/) And it’s reliable!
And easy to use. A simple list of Brighton fringe events listed in order of time,
showing title, category, and location. If Brighton Fringe really can’t have an app with
a “nearby now” feature, this is the next best thing. (I won't be able to test the
“nearest” option until I’m in Brighton, but I’ll give that a go tomorrow.)
The only frustration is that this could easily be used for so much more. Yes, it’s a

great resource for what’s coming up, but what about if you want to plan tomorrow?
An option to select a future date would be trivially easy to add to this. What about if
you like you listings split into categories like the daily guide did? That would be easy
too. At the moment, this feature has done 90% of the work but realised only 50% of
the benefits. The other 10% would be so easy.
Brighton Fringe’s website has got a lot of stick, but this little-known “Starting Soon”
page is genuinely a good addition to the site — it’s just that it could do a lot more for
only a little more work. And with so much disquiet over Bighton Fringe being down
to the website — along with the strongest incentive to register being part of a useful

website everybody uses — this is a no brainer.
That will have to do for now. I'll leave you with a picture of a recently floodlit
fountain.

(https: //chrisontheatre.wordpress.com /wpcontent/uploads/2024/05/img_2161.jpg)

Tuesday 21st May:
Whilst I’m getting ready to return, time to look at another Fringe now, and this might
be a bit more contentious. At one point, I was giving a lot of attention to Greater

Manchester Fringe, because they looked at one point like they might overtake Buxton
Fringe in terms of registrations. Like most fringes, it was clobbered by Coronavirus,

and we were expecting numbers to recover to something comparable to 2019 levels. It
hasn’t — at the time of writing I make it 57 registrations for a festival that lasts all of
July. Have people suddenly lost interest?

But something has changed. It was low-key, but Greater Manchester Fringe is now
vetted (https: //¢reatermanchesterfringe.co.uk /wp-

content /uploads/2023/12/Performers.pdf). Before you can find a venue, Greater
Manchester Fringe has to approve your application. In their own words “Being
approved to participate in a fringe festival is an exciting and important milestone for

any artist.” But that’s not true outside of Greater Manchester. There is no approval or
veto on participation — just the response of the audience you get. That’s not to say
Greater Manchester Fringe shouldn't do it this way, but it’s very misleading to imply
this is the way fringe is done.
I will play Devil’s Advocate for a moment. Greater Manchester Fringe has an
important defence that most so-called “curated fringes” don’t: for anyone who
cannot or will not work with their system, there’s a perfect decent, successful and
wholeheartedly open Buxton Fringe just an hour away on the train. I’ve made the
case for the two open festivals of Tunbridge Wells Fringe and Brighton Fringe to coexist — as one high-stakes and competitive and the other more relaxed and lowpressure — but that pairing doesn’t really apply here. And Greater Manchester Fringe
— whose extent is literally all of Greater Manchester rather than a walkable area in the

centre — is maybe less suited to the open format that Buxton works perfectly fine
with.
But here’s my request for Greater Manchester Fringe: if you’re going down this route,

please choose yourself another name. Look, it’s an open secret that any festival who
uses the word “fringe” wants to be associated with the glamour of the big one in
Edinburgh. But that one specifically exists because of the people who WEREN’T
allowed to be part of the festival, not those who were. If your idea of “fringe” is
“different and exciting but only in ways we deem acceptable to be different and

exciting”, you’re no different from the majority of arts festivals who aren’t fringes.
I get it. Open festivals aren’t for everyone. And maybe it’s not for Greater

Manchester. But continuing to call yourself a “fringe” is piggy-backing the success of
a festival that stands for the opposite. Even Ex-Oxford Fringe had the courtesy to
rename themselves to OffBeat when the Fringe format wasn’t working out. Greater
Manchester Fringe is well known enough to do the same. Hey, Mancfest isn’t taken
yet. You can have that for free.

Monday 20th May:
Right then, week three. A quick run-down of what’s coming up this week, because

most of these have been seen before. HOwever, we have one thing coming up that’s
new to Brighton Fringe 2024.
That thing is the third in the Police Cops trilogy, Badass Be Thy Name. This probably
needs no introduction, but I’ll give one anyway. After Police Cops was a send-up of

every 1970s cop show and Police Cops In Space was a send-up of every 1970s sci-fi
show, this slightly branched out into a send-up of the mismatched evil-fighting duo,

albeit the unconventional combination of a vampire-slaying priest and a bored loafer
who’s more at home raving in Madchester. Don’t expect the plot to make too much

sense, but do expect a high-energy meticulously choreographed performance from
the trio who make up The Pretend Men. They are moving into bigger-scale musical

versions of their shows, so if you want to see something in the original three-hander
format, now’s your chance. Wednesday to Friday, 6.30 p.m., Fool’s Paradise.
Other than that, we’ve got the next performance of clowning-heavy Identity Theft
(Tomorrow at 7.45), last showing of fact-based story of Princess Der Ling in The

Empress and Me (Wednesday 6.00 p.m.), and folklore — but very rooted in the gritty
reality of war — of The Ballad of Mulan (Tomorrow at 6.00 p.m.). All of these are at
Rotunda.

Got a new hot take lined up for tomorrow.

Sunday 19th May:
Oh bugger. I was supposed to use this weekend to get my paperwork in order for my
second visit to Brighton Fringe. However, I’ve been hit by a stinker of a cold which
was nothing more than a cough and runny nose, but drained all my energy when I
was supposed to be getting on with this. Anyway, if you sent me a review request
after my first round of acknowledgements, I will aim to have your requests logged
and responded to tomorrow.

Now let’s have a look at something I’ve not really paid attention to yet. Those of you
who’ve either picked up a Rotunda programme or seen their posters will notice that
the Rotunda is also going to be at Tunbridge Wells Fringe this year, which takes place
in late June and early July. The Rotunda, however, is just a recent addition — this
fringe has been running a few years now. Firstly, this is a proper fringe where anyone
is welcome to take part. Contrary to what some people think, the sky does not fall in
when you stick up a sign saying “all welcome”. Notably, this has 148 registrations,
not far behind Buxton Fringe. Buxton probably has little to fear from this — Buxton’s
catchment area is overwhelmingly the Midlands and North, Tunbridge Wells the
South East. The only thing Buxton Fringe might have to worry about is London-

based acts choosing Tunbridge Wells over Buxton. But I can live with that.
One obvious question: what is the point of Tunbridge Wells Fringe when Brighton
Fringe is only 30 miles away? They don’t need to answer: the sheer number of
registrations suggest lots of acts do think there’s a point. But as I see it, it is good for
the south to have an equivalent to Buxton Fringe — even if it’s running alongside
Brighton Fringe. Buxton Fringe is a good option for getting started on the fringe

circuit, but Brighton is a lot harder. It’s a VERY competitive festival, and if you don’t
have a way of standing out from the other hundreds of registrations you can easily
end up with single-figure audiences — even if you’ve got a good show. The overheads
from registration and publicity are also quite hefty. So if your priority isn’t making a
name for yourself, the smaller fringe is the better option. Same reason why for many
Newcastle/Durham artists, Buxton Fringe beats Edinburgh Fringe even though
Edinburgh is nearer (although Brighton costs are nowhere near the insanity of
Edinburgh).

So even if you have no plans to pay Tunbridge Wells a visit — and a big disadvantage
it has over other fringes is that there doesn’t seem to be anywhere cheap to stay
overnight — do keep an eye on this. If they keep up the good work they’ve done so
far, they could soon become as important to the Fringe circuit as Buxton is.

Saturday 18th May:
At this point, I think I’m ready to share more about what I’ve heard about the
Brighton Fringe / Spiegeltent split. Still not ready to disclose everything, but there’s
one thing which I think I can safely report as correct.
So, I have now heard from multiple sources that the sticking point at the moment is
registering only some of your acts for Brighton Fringe. Now, this practice isn’t quite
new. The Free Fringe venues in Edinburgh don’t require acts to register for
Edinburgh Fringe, but some of them do anyway, and everyone’s okay with that.
However, there is a feeling amongst some that one of the biggest venues registering
only some of their acts gives them an unfair commercial advantage over other venues
who register everything. Beyond that, I’m hesitant to talk about the chain of events
that led to this point — I’ve heard subtly different versions from different people, and
small details do make a difference over who sounds like the reasonable one and
who’s the unreasonable one. I haven’t heard Spiegeltent’s position on this yet, but a
counter-argument they could make is that they don’t have confidence the registration
fee is good value for money and it should be up to individual acts to decide for
themselves.
Where I think we may hit problems, however, is being able to argue all venues are
being treated equally and fairly. Brighton Open Air Theatre, for example, runs an allyear programme and some — but not all — events running in May register with
Brighton Fringe. The current position of Brighton Fringe is that it’s one thing for an
year-round venue that would be running anyway to do this, but another for a venue

that specifically exists around Brighton Fringe. Is that enough of a justification to treat
Spiegeltent differently? I’m not sure, but I can’t see this helping mend relations

between the two.
There is one other part of this story which I’m still keeping to myself for now. I want
to make sure I’ve got this right before talking about that. But that’s the thing that
could stand to make things at Brighton get even messier than they currently are — and
even talking about this might further inflame a situation that needs de-escalating.
When it’s safe to talk about this, I will. In the meantime, this goes into my short list of
things I’ve heard that I’m not telling you.

(Footnote: since this question has been raised, there’s the unique situation with The
Ladyboys of Bangkok. They have their own big pop-up venue of a comparable scale to
Spiegeltent or Fool’s Paradise. However, since it’s only a single event that runs the
whole fringe, they do — as far as I’m aware — only pay a single registration fee. I don’t
think anyone objects to this though. The Ladyboys of Bangkok is a very well-know

event that doubtless would do business with or without affiliation with Brighton
Fringe — nor is it a huge burden of Brighton Fringe to make this event part of their
programme. So whilst there is a bit of an odd anomaly that such a large venue has to
pay so little in registrations fees — albeit it supplemented by Brighton Fringe’s cut in
their box office — I don’t think anybody minds.)

Friday 17th May:

We're in weekend 3, so it’s time for another catch-up. However, I have made a couple

of cock-ups, one of which needs correcting now. The other I’ll come back to later.
The more embarrassing of
the two is that Finlay and

Joe have started and I
didn’t notice. They began

on Wednesday and their
last performance is

;

*

s)

DAY

tonight. So I would be

i

grateful if as many of you

‘% 1 y --

pee

[

AX

,

IY

as possible pop along to

Laughing Horse @ Temple

Bar at 8.30 to make it up
for me. I saw their

previous show about Al-automating their sketch writing (which may results in a
megalomaniac computer taking over the world later), and their new show, Past of

Bedtimes, is on a similar theme where they dream their sketches. You can’t bring
children to this because the venue has an age-restriction, but their humour is
generally family-friendly, and also nerd-friendly (especially retro humour from the

1990s).
Also a quick run-down on one-off and continuing shows:
0 Malcolm Galea’s follow-up to Plastic and Chicken Bones, The Trial of Magnus

Coffinkey, continues to run daily 9.00 p.m. until Sunday at The Lantern. One of
the more intriguing descriptions — scroll to 13th May for more details.
° Clowning-heavy stolen table does its first Rotunda performance of Identity Theft
on Sunday at 7.45. After than they’re on intermittently until the 28th.
° Stephen Catling: Beehavioural Problems Something Something Autism makes its

first appearance tomorrow at 9.15 p.m. at the Rotunda. One of the more niche
comedians with an audience of both neurotypical and neurodivergent comedians

into this obscure sense of humour — but very important that neurodivergent artists
get their own shows in open festivals with the vetting that happens elsewhere.

e And I’ll Blow Your House Down continues at the Rotunda: 7.45 p.m. today, 6.15
tomorrow and Sunday. A personal story about navigating your way through a
system as a person with a dsiability and a carer for one.
e I’m quite interesting in Doggerland. I can’t for the life of me work out what this is
about other than being named after an area of land that existed 8,000 years ago,
but I keep hearing about this play. But Lionhouse is always an interesting location
for outdoor plays and looks like a wildcard. 6.00 Saturday. 4.00 Sunday.

And finally, look out everybody, Imaginary Porno Charades is back. The cult game

show at Sweet Venues, you won’t see any re-enactments of your favourite porn
parody title such as As You Dyke It or Much Ado About Stuffing, but you can watch

people try to guess the title from charades. And the regulars are really competitive
about this. And willing to make a complete tit of themselves. Starts tonight at 10.30
p-m.

Thursday 16th May:

Now, back to one question I raised earlier: is Spiegeltent still getting reviews after

breaking away from Brighton Fringe? Well, so far, I haven’t seen any. I’m not
thoroughly searching every single site the might review at Brighton (there’s a whole
host of publications who do a handful of reviews and I can’t track them all), but

based on the sample I have, this seems a bit low. I chatted to a Broadway Baby

reviewer about this before. As I understand it, Broadway Baby has not made any

conscious decision to exclude Spiegeltent — it’s just that so far, no-one has opted to
pick one of their shows.
The one thing that Brighton did overwhelmingly better than Edinburgh Fringe was
make things easy for reviewers. You think handling separate press teams for
Spiegeltent, Sweet and Brighton Fringe is a hassle? That’s nothing compared to the
faff of Edinburgh Fringe where most venues run their own press departments.

Nevertheless, Brighton reviewers have been used to the convenience of the Brighton
system, and it is conceivable that the extra effort of checking separate Spiegeltent
listings and liaising with separate press teams is pushing reviewers into thinking it’s
not worth the hassle.
But — is press coverage actually that important for Spiegeltent? For the bigger wellknown acts, probably not. They’ve already got all the media publicity they need.
Where there might be an issue, however, is smaller acts trying to make a name for
themselves. As far as Brighton audiences numbers are concerned, word of mouth
beats reviews hands down. But if you are trying to make a name for yourself outside
Brighton, this is where reviews are especially valuable. Anyone can cherry-pick

audience quotes from their mates, but one or two good reviews from reasonably
reputable publications is solid evidence that you’re a worthwhile bet elsewhere. If it
becomes clear Spiegeltent isn’t the place to get reviews, might that be a disincentive
for some acts? Possibly.

There is one other caveat — it might be that Spiegeltent, as a predominantly cabaret
venue, never got that much coverage from theatre- and comedy-heavy review
publications in the first place. A more interesting finding will be how much press
coverage Sweet Venues gets. Again, I don’t think it’ll be that big a deal for Sweet one
way or the other: their in-house productions have excellent reputations locally and
will do fine with or without more reviews. But it might serve as an indication for how
much difference being part of Brighton Fringe makes to your press coverage. Should
there be a consistent review drought outside of Brighton Fringe proper, that’s surely
going to be a factor for future acts. And this might also decide who’s in a better
position to sways talks in their favour.
All right, that’s way too much fringe politics now. Let’s go back to what’s on
tomorrow.

Wednesday 15th May:
Whilst we’re on the subject of schisms between Brighton Fringe and venues, I want to
raise one issue that I don’t think gets enough attention. Quite simply: Brighton Fringe
has far weaker democratic oversight than Edinburgh or Buxton Fringes.
The first important thing to remember about the balance of power at an open festival.
Most of the things that matter to artists are controlled by independent venues and not
the central fringe. If you are unhappy with how a venue treated you, you can vote
with your feet and go to another venue next time. Venues know this, and, in theory,
know that they can’t afford to take their performers for granted and get away with it.
Now, in the case of Brighton this theory got stretched to the limit when, up to 2021,
many performers felts The Warren was so big and dominant you couldn’t afford to
get of the wrong side of them — not that this matters any more. There’s also some
question marks over whether the Big Four collude too much in Edinburgh. But, on
the whole, a decentralised fringe is a huge check and balance in the way of one
person or committee getting too big for their boots. And, of course, messy though a
full breakaway is, that’s another bargaining chip for an egalitarian system.
However, there are some important things that are still in the hands of the respective
fringe committee. There’s little venues can do if they don’t like the fringe agreement
they’re given. Neither performers nor venues can do much if they’re unhappy about
a lack of programme, or app, or reliable website. (Apart from the ultimate sanction of
a breakaway, but that’s not really a fair choice.) So what is your recourse? Well, at
Edinburgh and Buxton, you can elect trustees, who can put pressure on the fringe
management, threaten to over-rule them, actually overrule them. And — ultimately —
they can replace a management who won't do what they say with one that does. I
believe it’s never come to anything that drastic, but it’s a pretty powerful bargaining
chip. One of the most notable effect democratic grass-roots pressure was to reduce
registration fees in Edinburgh for small-scale acts on short runs.
Brighton Fringe’s checks and balances, however, are much weaker. They have a
board of trustees which, as far as I can tell, if self-perpetuating. Now, to be fair, most
theatres are also run by self-perpetuating boards of trustees, but they normally have

some accountability to funders, or are in competition with other theatres. There
doesn’t seem to be anything to stop Brighton Fringe trustees getting too big for their
boots in they want to. One recently-introduced measure is the participant and venue
observers to the board. That, I think, is an important step forward, and I understand

some changes have come from the elected observers. However, the board is still free
to ignore elected members, no matter how much of a revolt is brewing. That, I think,
isn’t healthy. Nor is it healthy that the only sanction open to performers and venues

that cannot be ignored is to pull out or break away. Buxton and Edinburgh have no
problem being fully accountable to their grass roots, and now that the Pebble Trust

bailout is over, I don’t see what’s stopping Brighton.
However, in fairness to Brighton Fringe, this is still considerably better than some
smaller fringes that don’t have any democratic accountability AT ALL. And if the
fringe in question controls all the venues and gatekeeps the participants, there’s no
checks and balances anywhere — and certainly not something you should expect from
any event that calls itself “grass roots” or “bottom up”. I remain of the view that the
biggest threat to the spirit of the fringe is this obsession with curation at the most
local level, combined with no means to influence the people making the decisions.
Brighton is way more open than some local fringes, but how are you supposed to
gain the experience needed to stand a realistic chance at Brighton if every local
opportunity shuts you out? But Brighton Fringe should not be excusing its own
democratic shortcomings on the smaller festivals being worse — the bigger festival
does it better, and I see no reason why Brighton couldn’t do the same.

Tuesday 14th May:

(https:/ /chrisontheatre.wordpress.com /wp-content/uploads/2024/05/yellowbook-1.jpeg)
There is one other notable thing coming up: Emily Carding’s much-acclaimed

Richard II: A One-Person Show, with the famed labels that say “DEAD” that certain
audience members will get if they play the wrong characters. It starts tomorrow at
7.00 p.m. and runs until Sunday. But you won'’t see it on Brighton Fringe’s website

because it’s at Sweet Venues, starting tomorrow but not as part of Brighton Fringe.
They, along with Spiegeltent, are doing their own thing.

The reason I’ve talked a lot about Spiegeltent and not so much about Sweet is that, in
my opinion, Sweet isn’t that much of a big deal. Had they pulled out in 2016-2018,
when they were running 3-4 spaces and were the second largest venue chain after
The Warren, this would have been an earth-shattering event. However, the way I see
it, Sweet’s priorities have changed a lot. They might be best known as an
Edinburgh/ Brighton Fringe venue chain, but their origins were as a producing
company — and their activities are heavily shifting back to that. Certainly last year
their programme was dominated by Sweet’s own productions, Sweet regulars, and
some Visiting artists as co-productions. It’s increasingly getting the feel of a
producing company with a venue to perform in, rather than a venue with some in-

house productions.
On top of this, Sweet Productions has become increasingly active in new locations.
They’ve been bringing multiple productions to Buxton Fringe since 2022, with this
arrangement looking set to stay. For this reason, if the split between Sweet Venue and
Brighton Fringe becomes permanent and the two agree to an orderly divorce, I’m not
sure it would make that much difference. It should have no bearing on Sweet
Productions activity out of Brighton, and I suspect Sweet Venues can rely on a loyal
audience and regular acts better than anyone else. Although it’s still be a pain in the
arse for anyone trying to plan day itineraries across Brighton Fringe plus
breakaways. For this reason, I still hope a settlement can be made — even if neither
Sweet Venues nor Brighton Fringe lose out from a split, audiences do.
The other notable chance is that yet again Sweet Brighton has a new venue. I’ve not
kept up with all the moves, but historically Sweet has had more than its fair share of
Landlords Are Cocks (TM). Not sure what was the case this time — it might also be
that the location in Hove (for what was otherwise an excellent venue) wasn’t working
out. The new location is The Yellow Book, which confusingly isn’t a book shop but a
steampunk-themed bar. Notably: it’s central, next to Spiegeltent. An ideal location to
re-integrate back into Brighton Fringe. But also an ideal location for Sweet and
Spiegeltent to integrate further into their own breakaway festival.
A good programme coming up at Sweet — but we’re yet to see where the drama is.

Monday 13th May:
Week 2 starting now, so another look at what’s coming up.
The mid-week headliner I have for you is Blue Blood (or “how to kill your way to the
top”). Blue Devil Theatre have hada lot of hits, and this one had a good run at
Brighton Fringe last year and has performed in many locations over the south since.

They are back for one performance this Wednesday on May 15th Brighton Open Air
Theatre at 7.00 p.m. This is a full-length production, but it looks like the weather gods
have been kind. If you’ve always wanted to see how exactly to get from ninth in line
to first in line the fast and direct way, now’s your chance.
If you’re a fan of Michelle Yim’s East Asian stories, you might like The Empress and
Me on Tuesday and Wednesday at 6.0p.m. in the Rotunda. This is more a piece of
historical interest than Mulan, but it does go into a lot of nuanced about the life of
Princess Der Ling, in the early 20th century when American and Chinese civilisations
were just starting to cross over.

For fans of Malcolm Galea’s Plastic and Chicken Bones, this week you can see his

follow-up play The Trials of Magnus Coffinkey. This, again, looks set to work very
heavily on world-building, but this time it’s a fantasy setting, where the titular
character must complete a strange quest with harshly high stakes. A two-hander this
time, but definitely worth checking out after seeing what he achieved before. Starts
on Thursday at 9.00 p.m. at The Lantern.
And one final thing to mention is And I’ll Blow Your House Down. | haven't seen this
before and don’t know much about it, but I’ve heard good things about it from
multiple sources. It’s a clowning show, but on the not terribly cheery subject of lifechanging disability diagnoses, and a not terribly flattering verdict on how society
reacts to this. Two performances on Thursday 7.45 then Friday 6.15 at Rotunda.
And that’s it. Stay with us for the same thing Friday, but plenty of stuff to keep you

busy before then.

Sunday 12th May:
But now, a quick break from Brighton coverage to return to the big Edinburgh
question. It’s 3,224 registrations. It is not entirely clear is there’s going to be another
batch added before next month’s paper programme launch — my reading of the
deadlines is no, but there’s a bit of ambiguity. One thing is certain though. If you’re
measuring the size of Edinburgh Fringe by the number of registrations in the paper
programme, it’s not gone down. We are already past 2023’s number of 3,097.

One thing we don’t yet know — at least, not without a lot of laborious analysis — is
whether there are more short runs (i.e. less than the full three weeks) than last year.
That could still make the fringe smaller if you measure it by performances. I have
heard some anecdotal observations claiming this might be the case. But be careful —
there have been many times previously when this pattern had been claimed, but

when someone did the number-crunching, there turned out to be no change. If you
do want to check this yourself, bear in mind that short runs isn’t a new thing — there
has always been a fair number of shorter runs, especially in theatre.
Should there not be in increase in short runs, however, the question instead is: okay,
Edinburgh fringe is bigger, but at what cost? There are already anecdotes that a lot of
artists aren’t comfortable with gambling more money than they can comfortably
afford to lose, but feel they have no choice by to do Edinburgh in order to be taken

seriously. How much are they being forced to pay for accommodation. Edinburgh
Fringe has secured hundreds of beds at Queen Mary University in Musselburgh. But
the number of performers seeking accommodation is thousands, not hundreds. There
is also the “keep it fringe” fund. Is this enough to keep Edinburgh Fringe affordable.
Or are we driving out talent in favour of kids with trust funds?
I hope that people with better resources to investigate and ask questions don’t let this
go. Affordability is by far the biggest problem at Edinburgh, and it’s not clear how

close we are to a solution. But the worst solution would be to stop calling it a
problem. And as long as the “Edinburgh or bust” mentality persists, I don’t see what
the solution can be.

Saturday 11th May:
Damn it. I missed one

in the
recommendations.

The Foundry Group —
with their big back
catalogue of

successful plays
including Big Daddy
versus Giant Haystacks,
Jeeves and Wooster

send-up Lord God and
2022’s OffFest winner

Underdogs is back with
anew play: Great Britons. It looks like a spoof of the TV documentaries of the same
name, except all these famous historical events are being done on a tiny budget. Not
all of Foundry Group’s plays are out-and-out comedies, but this one clearly is, and

when they set out to be funny, they’re very funny.

This does actually bring me on to one of my gripes related to no programme, no app,
and a website with design issues. It used to be very easy to scan listings by
companies with the paper programme, but it’s next to impossible to do it with the
way Brighton Fringe’s website is currently designed. The only way of doing it is by
looking through all 700 registrations and seeing if you recognise any of the names.
Most annoyingly, this only seems to happen with Brighton Fringe. Edinburgh Fringe
and Buxton Fringe both display company names quite prominently when looking
through the listings.
Out of all of the issues I have with the website, this one I think does artists the biggest
disservice. Seeing the name of a company I know and trust is a far more reliable
indication of a show being worth seeing than a eye-catching image or tagline. I can’t
believe I’m the only person who would loved to have seen The Foundry Group but
didn’t know they were on — failing that, that must surely apply to other companies. If
you’ve made progress and built a reputation, the website as currently designed

almost ensures this counts for nothing. That is not fair.
The website might not be the cause for breakaway venues as I first thought it might,
but it’s still causing all sorts of easily avoidable problems. Add this one to the list.

Friday 10th May, 10.45 p.m. — Plastic and

Chicken Bones:
One last review whilst I’m on the train home. I won’t repeat this review all over
again, because I sang itspraises enough two years ago

(https: //chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/2022/10/16/roundup-brighton-fringe2022/#00031), but it’s every bit as good as I remembered — with a few rough edges
filed down.

You can see the original review for a fuller explanation of the play, but the premise
was that “Dryskoll” — who we learn as time goes on is a body-hopping time traveller
— wakes up to find himself stranded in 2024, where the atmosphere is a lot of colder
than he’s used to, but the good news is that most of the planet is habitable. He has
been stranded after a time-travelling mission gone wrong, but before we hear about
that, we hear how all-benevolent supercomputer “Zimmy” saves humankind from
worldwide catastrophe and led them into a new golden age. With a catch.

You need a good memory to notice the changes between the 2022 and 2024 versions,
but if you have on, the main different is that it’s made clearer what’s storytelling and
what's the frantic conversations between Dryskoll and Zimmy, managed through
both changes of lighting state and changes in acting mannerisms. Plastic and Chicken

Bones does, however, remain a predominantly storytelling piece, and can’t really be
anything else — the complex world-building of a seemingly benign far future and the
nightmarish intermediate future is something that can only be done through
narration in a play of this length.
If there’s one thing left unaddressed that I wish had been addressed, it’s clarifying
who Dryskoll is actually speaking to during the storytelling. It is implied that he’s
telling his story to a 2024 audience who have to be broken the news of what’s coming
down the line, but how that comes about is never explained. This wouldn’t be an
easy thing to write into the script, but the reason I would look into it is that this
makes a difference to the end of the play. I won’t explain why as it’s a spoiler, but it
does matter whether Dryskoll can tell his story in the present before it’s too late. But

this is a moot point. Plastic and Chicken Bones got numerous five-star ratings last time
and this is just a matter of how high this goes up the five-star scale. Runs until
Sunday at the Lantern at 9.00 p.m. Don’t miss it this time.

IKE
shi

N

AWARD

for outstanding theatre

§

Be
5

(https: // chrisontheatre.wordpress.com /wp-content/uploads/2017/08 /ike-awardnarrow.png¢)

Friday 10th May, 8.15 p.m.:

And that’s the end of visit 1. 1 have one outstanding non-embargoed review which I
hope to get out later tonight on the long train journey home.

Just one bit of breaking news: I bumped into Fringe Chair Duncan again just after my
last play, and took the opportunity to ask how ticket sales are going. The current
mood is it’s pretty good, with targets hit several weeks early. One thing that does
seem to have changed is that buying patterns have shifted a bit towards audiences
buying tickets in advance. For a couple of years, there had been nerves with only a
handful of tickets sold in advance, with almost everything bought on the day (or
not). Now, it seems that there’s some return to advance sales, though no-one’s

suggesting it’s back to where it is before.
Usual caveat applies: ticket sales figures are volatile. Julian Caddy refrained from

giving too many figures of sales compared to this time last year because it varied a lot
from day to day. I guess one variable that needs accounting for is whether the good

figures are really better ticket sales, or just the same number of tickets sales but
sooner. However, at this stage I can at least report the mood which is: so far, so good.

Friday 10th May, 9.45 p.m.:

We’re coming into weekend two, so it’s time once again to have a look at what’s

coming up. Settle down, this is a long list.
My headliner for week 2 is Coleridge-Taylor of Freetown. Tayo Aluko impressed me

with Call Mr. Robeson a few years ago. All of his plays are black historical figures, but
this focused heavily of counter-intuitive history: a black singer who commanded

enormous respect across the board and stood up to segregation — only to find his
career threatened by a different bit of public hysteria (that, for once, had little to do
with race). So it will be interesting to see this one. It’s not the really famous
Coleridge-Taylor who did the Ancient Mariner poem, but his nephew seeking an
academic career in Sierra Leon only to get caught up ina

local conflict. First half of a

split run starts today, running until Sunday at 7.30 p.m. at the Rotunda.
For something a lot more off-the-wall, I recommend Identity Theft from Stolen Table,

whose The Lost Play of Barry Wayworm last year. I think the new play is going to be on
the same format, so don’t try to make sense of the story, because it’s not supposed to
make sense. What you do get a lot of, however, the excellently-choreographed
clowning, in particular from Agnes Carrington, who is returning in this play.
Saturday 10.30 p.m. and Sunday 8.00 p.m. at Bar Broadway.

If you want straight comedy, you can’t go wrong with Crime Scene Improvisation.
There are many improvised plays now, but this team have worked together for a long
time and it shows. And this brings democracy to murder investigations, where the
identity of the murder is decided by an audience vote — and the newly-unmasked
killer must make an impromptu confession. Two performances tomorrow at 3.30 and

6.00 p.m. at Komedia, with a return on the final Saturday.
If you are looking for a family-friendly event, I recommend Let’s Dance, who rose to
headliner status in the infamous 2020 Brighton Fringe where outdoor theatre was
suddenly all rage. They do ballet, but is it very unpretentious and very accessible
ballet, which tends to feature all of the best-known classical tunes. This year,

however,Goldilocks has 1940 theme, so who knows, there might be some roaring
forties bangers too. Regardless, it’s a lovely afternoon event for anyone, and a good

introduction of old music for children. Brighton Open Air Theatre on Sunday at 11.00
a.m. at 2.00 p.m.

Headache is a Rotunda play seen this year and won't be getting a full review after the
fringe, but I’m going to give this one an early shout-out because this is an impressive
debut from Tanieth Kerr. It’s based very heavily on her own real experience of getting
the news her father suffered a brain injury in an accident and the struggles over
getting on with a normal life with this going on in the background. Next performance
coming up Sunday at 3.15 p.m.

And finally, utopian (terms and conditions apply) future storytelling Plastic and

Chicken Bones, and Character Flaw about living with ADHD are both continuing
their runs until Sunday. This list has got long enough, so scroll to Tuesday 7th May,

3.30 to read more about those is you haven't already. Plastic and Chicken Bones now
at 9.00 p.m. at The Lantern, and Character Flaw is 6.30 p.m. at The Actors.
Enjoy.

Thursday 9th May, 9.00 p.m.:
One thing I’ve not looked at that much yet but is worth mentioning is the arrival of
“Half a Camel Productions”. This is mostly — but not exclusively — affecting the
comedy listings. If you regularly go to the comedy but have no idea who Half a

Camel are, that’s because they have been staying under the radar quite a bit. I’ve
been doing spot check of the relevant listing on Brighton Fringe and there’s no
mention of them. However, go over to their own website (https: //halfacamel.com/)
and there’s easily over a hundreds listings, maybe over two hundred. There are five
different pub venues they use, including, most notably, The Caxton Arms. (There is a
complication that not all of the listings here are registered with Brighton Fringe, but
that’s a complication for another day.)
What is not clear is just who or what Half a Camel actually is. There’s nothing on
their website to say what they are, just that they have lots of performances going on
at Brighton Fringe. It’s possible they’re taking responsibility for programming at
various pub venue. Or it might be something else. I will try to make sense of this as
and when I get more information. In the meantime, it may well be the case that Half a
Camel is the most powerful playing in Brighton Fringe that you’ve never heard of.

Thursday 9th May, 6.45 p.m.:
Right, enough arsing about. Four-play day today. Halfway through. Will get back to
you later.

Wednesday 8th May, 10.00 p.m.:
Again, apologies that reviews are only trickling in. I always see shows at a more
relaxed pace when performing (over a longer period), but the combination of this
plus embargoing Rotunda plays (which now accounts for a lot of theatre) means

there’s not much I can share right now.
Anyway, one bit of big news tomorrow is the third release of Edinburgh Fringe
tickets — and this time, the third batch is the final batch for paper programme
inclusion. Last year, the number of registration in time for this deadline was 3,097. At
the moment, we are on 1,680. That appears to be ahead of the second batch this time
last year, but that could mean anything, not least it could be acts getting in
registration early because of the much more pressing task of getting scarce
accommodation early. (Reminder of the caveat: missing out on the paper programme
isn’t as big a dead as it used to be — post-deadline registrations may still skew

figures.)
Usually, I know the data before. This time I don’t. Whatever the number is tomorrow,
it will be newsworthy — I just don’t know what sort of news. And whatever happens
will have implications for Brighton Fringe too.
We’ll see tomorrow.

Wednesday 8th May, 10.30 a.m.:
Okay, I’m making some progress in terms of understanding what’s going on. I went
to the Brighton Fringe networking event last night, and got to speak to the new chair
of Brighton Fringe board of Trustrees, Duncan Lusting-Prean. I now have a better

idea for two things where previously I’ve only had a vague inkling.
First, a catch-up on where we are. Brighton Fringe only survived 2020 because of a

bailout by The Pebble Trust. However, a condition of the bailout is that they would
take over the board of Trustees. They reason they gave was that it was easier for the
people directing Brighton Fringe to be the same people funding it as long as it was in
bailout mode. They said they would step back when funding was no longer needed,
and they kept their promise, and Duncan Lusting-Prean became the Chair. Then chief
executive Julian Caddy left for Scarborough Fair — but due to Caravanserai backfiring
financially, and leaving Brighton Fringe short of money again, recruitment of a
replacement was put on hold, with Duncan taking on the role of “executive chair”
until further notice.
Starting with this less contentious topic: this interim setup without a chief executive
is becoming permanent. The short-term reason, I understand, is that you wouldn’t be

able to recruit someone with enough skills with the salary Brighton Fringe can
currently offer. However, the current trustees and staff appear to have come to a

consensus that they like this more decentralised setup, with no single person having
the lion’s share of the influence. Some roles have been upgraded to cover roles
formerly covered by CEO, and, as I understand it, most the work currently done by
the trustee chair will also be covered by regular staff in time for the next change of

trustee chair. So unless future trustees/ staff change their mind, the CEO position
looks like it’s gone for good.

The other topic is what’s going on with Spiegeltent. I am extremely hesitant to
publish all the details here, as things are clearly coming to a head and I’m reluctant to

write one set of claims before I know what the counter-claims are. What I think I can
safely say is that (short of a wildly conflict account from the other side), this is NOT
about Caravanserai any more. Nor is it about its sort-of replacement Fool’s Paradise.

The arguments have moved on. And it’s not the website either. Instead, it’s down to
venue agreements. And, so far, Brighton Fringe is not budging on the area of dispute.
What I can say is that I honestly don’t know which way this will go. Things could
calm themselves down, or things could get messier. I hope the next post about this
will be a route to compromise and de-escalation. But it might go the other way.

Tuesday /th May, 3.30 p.m.:
We’re now in week 1, so let’s have a look at what’s coming up.

The absolute must-see this week is Plastic and Chicken Bones (formerly called
0.0031% Plastic and Chicken Bones). It’s borderline between storytelling and theatre,
but what storytelling it it. Malcolm Galea’s story of a time-traveller sent from the
future by a benevolent-but-maybe-not-that-benevolent supercomputer rule is one of
the finest crafted stories I’ve seen, both the plot itself and the worldbuilding behind
the tale of a future where everyone is immortal. If you didn’t catch it in 2022, you can
catch it now, at The Lantern. First performance this Thursday is 5.00 p.m. and the
Lantern, then 9.00 p.m.
Today and tomorrow are the first two performance of The Ballad of Mulan. Grist to
the Mill’s proudly “undisneyfied” version does actually have a lot in common with
their smash hit World War One play, The Unknown Soldier. Social code of what nice
young ladies are expected to do with their lives features, but the much stronger
theme is war, from the camaraderie amongst the ranks to the horrors of the
battlefield. Today and tomorrow at 6 p.m., Rotunda.

And the big name starting this week is Philippa Dawson with her Brighton Fringe
Award for Excellent winner Character Flaw. The play is very firmly on the single
subject of what it’s like to have ADHD, but it’s told the way it should be told: not an
affliction to suffer from, but just part of who you are. Starts Thursday 6.30 at The
Actors.

And also at The Actors is Can’t Stop Carrying On which I’ve just reviewed below.
Again, tonight and tomorrow at 6.30. Don’t miss it.

Tuesday 7th May, 9.30 a.m. — Can’t Stop
Carrying On:
So, ignoring the fact that I messed up my schedule, the play I did see last night was
one of my “lucky dip” picks. I want to see something at a particular time, look at the
few things available that class as theatre, and pick something from that — usually
something I’ve never heard of before. It does sometimes cause me to pick something
abominably awful, but there’s not joy greater than picking something excellent. This

is one of these times.

IKE

AWARD

for outstanding theatre

(https: //chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/08 /ike-awardnarrow.png)

Can’t Stop Carrying On follows the life of its creator Peter Rogers. (Or, to set up the
opening groaner, he says he popped away for a pee, and then adds “P” to the sign of
“ETER ROGERS”) It is 1978, Carry on Emanuelle has just gone to the cinemas, and for
the first time in decades there is no Carry On film in production. To an outside

observer, it’s clear that the Carry On franchise has run out of steam. It was probably
doomed when they decided keeping up with the times meant saucier humour and
more tits, only to be out-porned by the shit Confessions films, and Emanuelle was a big
error of judgement that proved to be the final nail in the coffin. But Peter Rogers is
not giving up that easily. He’s already got plans in place for Carry on Again Nurse. If
he can get enough of the team to take part — and the pool is getting smaller.
There is a little bit of confusing monologue at the beginning, until you realise this is
actually a conversation between Peter Rogers and Kenneth Williams. I was
wondering why they didn’t just have two people on stage, but Darren Haywood,
playing both Peter and Kenneth, will in time play most of the Carry On team. Be
VERY careful committing to something like that: the you probably end up confusing
the hell out of your audience if you don’t 100% know what you’re doing. But Blue
Orange Theatre does. Darren Heywood works very hard to get the mannerisms of all

the Carry On actors distinguishable from each other, but there’s only so far the
audience can keep track of this — especially those who aren’t too familiar with who’s
who. That is where James Nicholas’s writing comes in. He makes sure there’s just
enough refreshers written in the script to show you which characters are currently in
conversation.

One such refresher that needs to be dropped in when Sid James pipes up, whereupon
it’s pointed out he died in 1976. Sadly, we’re going to have to get used to this. Whilst
popular culture has moved on to alternative comedy such as The Young Ones and
Rogers is making a futile attempt to produce Dallas parody Carry on Texas, it’s

mentioned that Hattie Jacques sadly won’t be part of this after all, because she died
aged 59. In fact, there’s a sad sort of inevitability to all of this. Those who still have a
career left in them are seeking new challenges, such as Barbara WIndsor’s soap idea.
The film that does get made, Carry On Columbus, sinks without trace, but not before
the press rakes over all of the less rosy history of the films, both on- and off-screen.

The plays describes itself as about “ageing, the human spirit, and changing
attitudes”, and much of the story is Rogers watching the world he knew — the one
where Carry On thrived — slip further and further out of view. But there’s a couple of

touching moments about his legacy. One is a recollection of 1962, days after the threat
of nuclear war had abated, seeing a crowd of people glad to be alive laughing away
watching one of his films. And the other was a letter froma little girl who discovered
the films and is a new fan. If these one message this play gives to Peter Rogers, it’s
that there was no need to endless try to revive a franchise with nowhere to go — he
already a lot to be proud of. And this play has a lot to be proud of too I highly
recommend this even if you know little about the Carry On films. Still running
tonight and tomorrow at 6.30 p.m. Catch it while you can.

Monday 6th May, 11.30 p.m.:
Oh dear, this is embarrassing. It’s
already happened: I bought tickets for
two shows at the same time, forgetting
one of them was at 7 p.m. and not 8 p.m.

Not a review request, but something I’ve
missed down to my own stupid fault.

Luckily, the thing I double-booked it
with was great. I’d have been dead

pissed off to have missed something I
wanted to see for something awful.
However, in the process, I’ve had my
first look at the possibly controversial
Fool’s Paradise. My first observation is

that even though this is a two-space

pop-up venue next to St. Peter’s Church
cropping up after the demise of another
two-space pop-up venue next to St.

Peter’s Church, Fool’s Paradise is NOT a
like-for-like replacement of
Caravanserai. I already new Fool’s

Paradise had a smaller programme than
Caravanserai, but the whole venue is
noticeably smaller. It occupies a smaller

space than Caravanserai, and I counted just one bar and two food outlets. Clearly it’s
nothing like the scale of operation than Caravanserai was.
But ... this is probably a wise decision. I’m guessing Headfirst Acrobats’ pop-up
venue is running at the same size they’ve been running it at other venues, and if
that’s the case, best to keep it that way. With two pop-up venues getting too

ambitious and allowing expenses to run out of control, I’d much rather Fool’s
Paradise sticks with the venue they know how to run than upscale it to a venue they
don’t.

Also, so far, I’ve not heard any grumbling about Fool’s Paradise programming — and
it’s certainly not on the level with Caravanserai last year. The drawback? This modest
scale operation means there’s no chance of getting Brighton Fringe a revenue stream
on the scale Caravanserai was supposed to provide — although a modest income
stream that does what it’s supposed is better than a big income stream that ends up
as a big loss.

So, in terms of arguments surrounding the future of Brighton Fringe, it’s possible that
Fool’s Paradise is a red herring after all. No conclusions being drawn yet, but maybe
it all comes down to website usability.

I’ll keep my ear to the ground and let you know what I find.

Monday 6th May, 3.45 p.m. — Magpie:
This is maybe one of my less popular kinds of reviews. Magpie has already scooped
two five-star reviews, praising the acting, the convincing depiction of one of the
bloodiest periods of Irish history, and has been likened to the writing of Sean

O’Casey. None of that I dispute — the weakness I’ll come on to in a moment.
It is 1923, and Dublin is in the wake of the Easter Rising and the First World War.
Conscription was never introduced to Ireland as such, but the same campaign of
public shaming was used to persuade men to fight in the trenched. Amongst those
was Michael Murphy, who signed up in the wake of the failed uprising to spare the
attention of the British on his family who got involved on the losing side. But on his
return he got signed up with the hard-core separatists waging war against the Irish
Free State. Now, after having committed an assassination, he sits in a jail cell, with a
healthy contempt for all sides. His last surviving brother, Patrick, has volunteered
himself to be Michael's jailer.
It’s true to say there wasn’t a lot of cheery things to write about for Ireland 1923,
where the divisions within Ireland were just as messy and bitter and the divisions
with the British, and Andrew Cusack’s play covers a lot of ground about this time.
However, I do think the play made one error that — if no barrier to critical acclaim —

does come at a cost of audience numbers. This is what I call: “harrowing recollection
monologue overkill”. In isolation, there’s a lot of good passages in the script. One
particularly memorable one is a cruel commander at the trenches sentencing a young
Irish Lad to be shot at dawn for cowardice, and making the other Irish soldiers be the

firing squad — and the best they could do is give him and early wake, and getting him
lashed the night before so ready him to meet his maker. But by this point in the play,
I’d already had many harrowing monologues like this one — and when your first
reaction to this bit it “here we go, start of next harrowing monologue’, it loses its
impact.

I get the impression that this has been written as an acting showcase ahead of
anything else. In that respect, it did its job extremely well, with stellar performance
from both Cusack himself from his own script, and the two supporting character of
brother and priest (brought in for the obvious reason). But it did come across as a
monotone format. Personally, I’d have liked more context about the bitter divisions
within Ireland —I suspect this assumed too much background knowledge of a British
audience on the moderate/hardcore split within Ireland, so maybe that could have
provided something different. Still, I can’t complain too much. Clearly the aim of this
was a showcase for the ability of the actors, and I can’t argue with that verdict. For
that reason, well done Pigs Back productions.

Sunday 5th May, 10.15 p.m.:
Still trying to get my pre-fringe picks done. Nearly there, I promise.
In the meantime, one small thing that may or may not be relevant to the Spiegeltent
breakaway. I am getting word from multiple sources that there’s still unhappiness
over Brighton Fringe’s website, in particular the perceived lack of user-friendliness
when trying to browse what’s on. I must say, my own experience of the website is
about the same as last year. Simply trying to find out what’s on later today is a faff —
and, frustrating, would have been a reasonably easy solution to implement. Even
more frustratingly, they’ve had a year to deal with this, and there were people
offering to help for free.
Iam beginning to get the impression — though it’s far from certain — that the website
is a contributing factor to Spiegeltent deciding affiliation with Brighton Fringe wasn’t
worth it. Especially if there isn’t a paper programme or app as an alternative. If this is
really is the case, it will be something self=inflicted, because it was such an easy thing
to address. The good news is that it’s not too late to do something about it — and
unlike dilemmas over whether to support bringing in venues, fixing usability on a

website is quite easy to do and has zero controversy attached to it. If this row
between Spiegeltent and Brighton Fringe really does come down to a website, there’s
a much easier path to settling things than I thought.

And my offer still stands. Website usability is something I do in my day job. I'll
gladly help out for free.

Sunday 5th May, 9.45 a.m. — Kemble’s Riot:
This live coverage is will probably lighter on reviews than normal. This is because, as
Tam performing at the Rotunda, my conflict of interest rule kicks in and all other
reviews at the same venue are embargoed until after Brighton Fringe finishes. Whilst
reviews published during the fringe are more useful in terms of ticket sales, I’m
definitely not comfortable giving thumbs up and thumbs down during the runs of
the people I’m most likely to be hanging round with. I promise I will get a move on
with the roundup though.
The thing I can review, though, is Kemble’s Riot. I would have seen this anyway

because I wouldn’t miss this for the world. It is one of my all-time favourites, and
exactly the sort of thing that the fringes was made for. It was set during the obscure

Old Price riots of 1809. It does go a bit into the historical context of why an extra
sixpence at a rebuilt theatre was such a big deal, but what’s memorable is how this is
presented. John Kemble and sister Sarah Siddons are on stage in fine Victorian
Shakespeare gear, but two people are planted amongst an audience in modern dress.
One will be leading the audience to heckle John Kemble, the other will be leading
John Kemble fans to heckle the hecklers. Yes, that’s you. The play only works with

the audience joining in.
What’s special about this performance, however, is that this is writer Adrian
Bunting’s legacy. He died of cancer a few years later aged 47, but his final project was
to set in motion plans for an open air theatre. Brighton Open Air Theatre is now
running, and there’s nothing more fitting than the seminal play of its creator, without
which this theatre would never have come into being.
This version of Kemble’s Riot is an upscaled version of the one originally seen at the
Old Court Room. It probably did need to be upscaled — BOAT is a big venue out of

the way of central Brighton, and is the only thing you can see in an evening but for all
but the most hardcore fringegoers. It’s nowa full-length play with an interval, up
from a four-hander to a six-hander, and as a colloboration with Brighton Little
Theatre, features numerous extras in the audience.
It does have a different feeling to the more intense original version — but it does have

some opportunities to go look deeper into the politics of the day. We see in an early
rehearsal that John Kemble — respected actor-manager though he his — is the sort of
person who always has to get his way. When he doubles down on removing the

ghost from Hamlet, it become more understandable why he doubled down on
another idea later long after it’s clear it’s going to backfire badly. In this play, there are
two Sarah Siddons: in the company of the other two actors, she’s a loyal sister who
who staunchly stands by the brother she owes so much to; but alone with him, she
tells him what she really thinks.
The stand-out performance is Michael Grant as agitator-in-chief Henry Clifford. This

role too has been expanded since the original. In the original, he is a very charismatic
ringleader who whips up support for his side of the theatre very well, and he does
the same hear, both in-story and with the real audience. However, there’s a slightly
less pleasant side revealed here: as he gets more powerful, he becomesa bit of a bully,

using the power of the mob to push actors into taking sides who are only doing their
jobs. The fleshing out of his character is the best addition to the bigger version.
If there’s one change I would make, I’d have the two “people” engaging the audience
at the start of the play. The audience interaction worked here because plenty of
people in the audience know the play and knew what to expect — but I’m not sure
they’d get away with that for a completely fresh audience. Maybe Henry Clifford and
Mary Austin open the play united in three cheers for John Kemble and Sarah
Siddons. But it doesn’t really matter because it was a such a wonderful thing to be
part of. One performance left today at 2.00 p.m. — you can make if if you’re quick.

Saturday 4th May, 6.15 p.m.:
Sorry, not much coverage today because I had my show on. Finished that, and it’s all
still a bit of a blur. Reviews will be starting tomorrow because my brain is fried.
But I’ll drop in a few of observations since my last update:

e Early optimism from the Rotunda over sales. They also have a bar now (albeit for
theatre customers only).
e I have heard that Brighton Fringe was actively involved in bringing Fool’s
Paradise to Brighton. Not confirmed, and not passing judgement either way just
yet, but it does add weight to my theory that this contributed to Spiegeltent +
Sweet’s decision to break away.

e Spiegeltent seemed to be doing good business when I walked past them late last
night. Of course, that alone doesn’t tell is whether those are punters or just bar
customers. But early signs are that Spiegeltent is in a position to go it alone if they
wish.

© Nobody I have spoken to so far has a better idea than me over what’s going on.

On to Kemble’s Riot now. Catch up tomorrow. And for those of you who came to see
me, thanks, and er, wow.

Friday 3rd May, 3.45 p.m.:
On early thing to look out for is how the fringe media responds to the breakaway of
Spiegeltent and Sweet — particularly Spiegeltent. One thing Brighton Fringe does
much better than Edinburgh is a unified press system. Getting press tickets sorted
through multiple box office teams at Edinburgh is a right pain in the arse, and takes
up a lot of admin time. The worst case scenario for Spiegeltent is that the fringe
media in Brighton decides it’s too much of a faff and doesn’t bother covering
Spiegeltent at all. I’m sure Spiegeltent is big enough to have an audience without or
without Brighton Fringe affiliation — certainly if you’re a cabaret fan this is the place

to be — but if you’re an act who needs reviews, that could be a problems. And in the
long term it would be Spiegeltent’s problem.

I thought at first there might be cause for jitters when the Argus ran its Brighton
Fringe preview piece without mentioning Spiegeltent, but they ran a separate article
from them. Fringereview has included Speigeltent in their coverage — maybe not too
surprising seeing as Paul Levy is one of the most vocal critics over the last year’s
Caravanserai controversy. At the time of writing, there’s not yet any coverage of
Brighton 2024, but we should know one way or the other in the next few. I’m
ignoring the coverage from idiots in local publications who don’t know the difference
between Brighton Festival and Brighton Fringe. Yes, that exists.
The reason this matters is that I still think there will be a compromise reached at some
point, but who it favours will depend on who loses out the most from the split. Will
Spiegeltent be negotiating from a position of strength or a position of weakness?
That’s a factor for later, but media coverage will be an early sign of who’s got the
advantage.

Friday 3rd May, 8.45 a.m.::
I know there’s a lot of things to talk about regarding Brighton Fringe, but the very
first thing to do is write what’s coming up in weekend 1.

So the absolute must-see is Kemble’s Riot. It is one of my all-time favourites at
Brighton Fringe, recreating the Covent Garden Theatre riots by getting the audience

to heckle the actors on stage, or heckle the hecklers, depending on whether you’
re in
the cheap seats or the posh seats. A great idea brilliantly executed, because getting an
audience to join in with something so critical to the story is quite difficult. However,
the writer, Adrian Bunting, died of cancer not long after this play was done. His
legacy was setting up Brighton Open Air Theatre, which could not be a more fitting
place to perform this revival. Showing today at 7.00 p.m., tomorrow at 2.00 p.m. and
7.00 p.m., and Sunday at 2.00 p.m. This is a two-hour show, with doors opening an
hour early for picnics. You'll thank me for this one.
That’s the only one from my pre-fringe picks, but there’s a couple more in the first
weekend that caught my attention. If you want to check out this new (controversial?)
Fool’s Paradise venue, a good start might be Twisted Tales. The premise is quite
intriguing: a circus-heavy performance of fold tales — but it’s a dystopian world
where the performers are forced to perform. I almost saw this two years ago, couldn’t
quite make the timing work, and then hears everyone else banging on about how
good it was. Running until Monday at 7.00 p.m. I’m also interested in Chopped Liver

and Unions, mainly because this play crops up everywhere, and I’ve heard a lot of
positive things about it. A rather cryptic description here, referencing events from
women’s strike in 1888 and 1968, but focuses on Sara Wesker in 1928 in the Cable
Street era. If this interests you, it’s at the The Lantern on until Sunday at 7.00 p.m.
again. God damn it, why is everything at 7 p.m.?
Oh, and there’s a new comedy game show on tomorrow at 1.30 at the Rotunda. I hear
it’s quite good.

Friday 3rd May, 6.45 a.m.:
It’s bastard o’clock in the morning and I’ve just boarded the train.
See you just before noon.

Thursday 2nd May:

Oh crap. It’s nearly ten o’clock and I haven’t even started packing yet. And I also
didn’t get round to writing up any more of my recommendations. So since fringe

proper starts tomorrow, let’s stick the full list here. Details later.

Safe Choice:
Kemble’s Riot

Plastic and Chicken Bones
Blue Blood
Mulan

Bold Choice:
Coleridge-Taylor of Freetown

Grouch: The Lady Macbeth
Jane Postlethwaite: Terrible People
You might like ...
Character Flaw

Police Cops: Badass Be Thy Name
Identity Theft
From the comedy:
Crime Scene Improvisation
Dave Bibby: Baby Dinosaur
Finlay and Joe: Past our bedtimes

Stephen Catling: Beehavrioural Problems Something Something Autism
Imaginary Porno Charades
Will write this up ASAP.
Right. Must. Pack.

Wednesday 1st May:

(https: / /chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/wp-

content /uploads/2024/05/8698da5b4e2e9b6 fbd6f826160788100-1 jpeg)
Welcome to my live coverage of Brighton Fringe 2024. Brighton Fringe doesn’t start
until Friday, but the build-up begins here. And this is going to be a very messy
Brighton Fringe, because two venues have opted out of being part of the Brighton
Fringe programme. For a fuller account of why this might have happened and what
this means, I’ve already written a foreword to my usual What’s Worth Watching
preview (https: //chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/2024/05/01/whats-worthwatchineg-brighton-fringe-2024/). Anyway, pictured above: the new Fool’s Paradise
venue, which is either a welcome addition or the cause of a whole load of trouble. I
hope to find out which one in the next few days.
I'll be in Brighton from Friday. In the meantime, a quick bit of housekeeping before
diving in. Everybody who sent me a review request on or before today should have
received a review acknowledgement by now. If you did not receive an

acknowledgement, please inform me ASAP, because this probably means I haven't
logged your review request, or never received it in the first place.
Anyway, plenty of sleep tonight. My train on Friday is at bastard o’clock in the
morning.

Ge Asithappens

® Brighton Fringe
Blog at WordPress.com.

