Chris Neville-Smith's blog_on theatre
Reviews of stuff that's good

Brighton Fringe 2025 — as it happens

2, 2025June 30,2025 @& chrisontheatre
Gf May

Sunday 1st June, 8.00 p.m.:
And that’s all folks. This is the end of my Brighton Fringe coverage, and after all of the chaos of the last few fringes, one which
has been refreshingly uneventful.
Thank you all for following this, and huge thanks to everyone who asked me for a review. I review shows anyway, but the fact
that so many of you trust me to give my opinion does not go unnoticed.
Hope you all enjoyed this, and hope to see you again for Edinburgh Fringe.

Sunday 1st June, 12.30 p.m.:
All right, it’s the moment you've been waiting for. What made it to my pick of the fringe?
Couple of reminders of the rules. Firstly, this pick is intended for theatre. Comedy and other non-theatre genres does not by
itself get you on the yet, but you can still get on the list if it has a story that would fit a comedy play. Exceptionally, a non-theatre
production might get on the list for a single theatrical element if it’s done very well. Most of the time, however, comedies — even
ones I enjoyed a lot - go into a separate “not quite theatre” section in my roundup. (That’s Sexy rude Harp Concert, Onlygrans,
Role Playing James and Moulin Bouge, which I didn’t count as theatre.)
Other reminder is that this is the first time that embargoed Rotunda-associated acts get to see how I’ve rated that. The reviews
will come in the roundup, but I have previously been slow to complete this. If you are a pick of the fringe, I encourage you to
give a prod and get a move on.

Finally, this is the order I saw plays, nothing more. Being first in a list is no better or worse than being last. If you want a best of
the best, wait until the end of year awards.
Okay, here we go:
Pick of the Fringe:
C’Est Magnifique

The Big Bite-Size Breakfast Show
Becoming Maverick

The Day I got the Horn *
The ‘Trumpeter *
Medium

Everyone Rotate Right *
The Dahlia Files
Sitting (in Silence)

Honourable Mention:
Mettle

Gumshoe + Long Live the King *
Almost Famous

Cardstock *
Last Orders *
Great Britons
Frat

Congratulations to those on the list. Reviews for the Rotunda shows (marked in *), plus additional reviews, will come in the
roundup. As son as I get prodded into doing this.

Saturday 31st May, 9.30 p.m.:

°

So, here’s the summary of what went down at Brighton Fringe 2025:
‘The big news is ... there has not been any big news. After the closure of The Warren in 2022, the controversial Caravanserai
in 2023 and the Spiegeltent split in 2024, there’s not been any rows blowing open this year. The constant infighting was

°

becoming a threat to Brighton Fringe. Now, for the first time in years, a sense of unity seems to be emerging.
Brighton Fringe’s venues do seem to be consolidating over many smaller venues instead of a few giants, as was the norm in
the late 2010s. Laughing Horse and Half a Camel had the biggest share of the Brighton Fringe programme, but those were
basic rooms set up for stand-up comedy. Venues such as Rotunda, The Actors, Spiegelgardens and The Lantern accounted for
more, but there’s a much wider spread than before, and very different from the days when three big venues accounted for

a

almost everything.
The most eyebrow-raising incident was part of Spiegeltent setting up as Spiegelgardens, back registered with Brighton
Fringe. But this turned out to be a compromise everybody was happy with, whilst - as far as I’m aware — Spiegeltent, by
choice, waits for the rebuilding of Old Steine Gardens to complete. Whatever the reason, Brighton Fringe has obviously been
ona charm offensive with Spiegelgardens. Is this — plus the passage of time since the Caravanserai disaster — enough to

°
°o

persuade Spiegeltent to come back in? We will see.

The mood around ticket sales seems to be quite optimistic. All fringes’ ticket sales seems to have taken a hit from Covid
‘The paper programme is back. That seems to have been received well, even if some shortcuts had to be taken to make this

which has only been recovering very slowly, but finally there’s reason to believe it’s getting back to normal.
work. My main regret is that there was no daily guide anywhere. That is a pity, because for me, that was the most useful part

°

of the programme.
The Circus Yard was the other big newcomer to Brighton Fringe. Hard to tell how business was doing here as it’s out of the
waya bit, but the main act from Revel Pucks seemed to be doing well. Of course, as we learned the hard way in 2023, it’s just
as much about controlling expenses as good ticket sales. Will the Circus Yard succeed where Caravanserai and Fool's
Paradise failed and do well enough to want to return? Something to look out for there.
Looking down the list, you might think Brighton Fringe is home and dry. And I was minded to think the same. However, there
may a spanner in the works after all. I cannot tell you what this is because it disclosed in confidence, and I haven't had time to
do the MAJOR fact-checking that would be needed for this — but what I can say is that behind the scenes, not everything is as
harmonious as it appears. And before you try guess what this is — it’s nothing I have covered so far, and this one hit me out of
the blue.
So, on the surface, a lot to be optimistic about. But we're not out of the woods just yet. Brace yourself, just in case.

Saturday 31st May, 1.00 p.m.:
Okay, let’s start wrapping this up.
Before we summarise Brighton Fringe, a look at the other fringes coming up. Scarborough Fringe has managed a respectable
increase for its second year, with 90 registrations. This is slightly complicated by visual art going into the parallel Scarborough
art festival. If we include those, we go up to 148. The combined total isn’t far behind Buxton — whether those two numbers are
comparable is a matter of opinion.

Buxton Fringe has managed 183 registrations, in spite of losing two managed venues in two years. This is partly offset by
Underground Venues going up to two spaces with the addition of Buxton Working Men’s Club, but this does seem to be a lot
more down to small ad-hoc venues taking the overspill. Again, other fringes take note: encourage and value your small ad-hoc

venues. When a disaster outside your control sees off a big venue, this network of small ones are all that stand between you and
disaster.

Edinburgh Fringe, as I have already reported, has 3,269 registrations. Numbers holding surprisingly steady since 2022
considering all that’s been thrown at it. The latest worry, however, is money. This time, it’s not the finances of Edinburgh Fringe
or the venues, but the cost to acts. It’s not just accommodation now: reportedly all sorts of costs associated with a production are
going up — whilst the funding available to the arts is going down. (Public sector funding is starting to go up again, but there’s
still a squeeze and unfortunately the arts has drawn the short straw.) This hasn’t hit Edinburgh Fringe yet, at least not in terms
of registration numbers, but it might in future years.
But that’s a discussion for Edinburgh Fringe coverage. Stay tuned as we wrap up went went down at Brighton.

Friday 30th May:

We are approaching the end of Brighton Fringe, but the one stand-out story from this year is surely the interim arrangement of
Spigelgardens, whilst Spiegeltent proper waits for Old Steine Gardens work to finish. Now, I am not on the grapevine of any
conversations surrounding this. But I think it’s a safe bet to assume that Brighton Fringe wants to bring Spiegeltent back into the
fringe. As I said before, I’m not sure whether Old Steine Gardens will be back in action for 2026, or if we have to wait for 2027.
Should it be 2027, I think we can expect another year of Spiegelgardens. After that, we are moving more into speculation.
This year, I have been contacted by various people who've said things off the record. In general, I respect this unless there is a
very good reason why I shouldn’t. What I thinkI can safely say about Spiegeltent without breach of confidentiality is that a big
reason behind the 2024 split was lack of confidence over the way Brighton Fringe was running things, particularly in relation to
Caravenserai. And, let’s be fair, Spiegeltent has a point there. It’s an open secret that Caravanserai didn’t return because
Brighton Fringe, who were running the venue, lost control of expenses. I don’t have access to the accounts for either
Caravanserai or Spiegeltent, but with Spiegeltent coming back year after year since 2013, we can be reasonably sure Spiegeltent
was doing the better job financially. If I'd been running a venue of that size and Caravanserai hadn’t listened to me, I’d be
frustrated too.

But ... the Caravanserai news is now old news, and will be older news still when Spiegeltent has its preferred site back. Is that
enough to let bygones be bygones? Perhaps. There other gripes with Brighton Fringe running things too (not necessarily from
Spiegeltent, more a general thing), but at least one big thing is out of the way. It must count in Brighton Fringe’s favour that the
Spiegelgardens part of Spiegeltent was sufficiently reconciled to go back with Brighton Fringe. Is this enough to get all of
Spiegeltent on board?

What I will say is that I hope we don’t get a split between Spiegelgardens and Spiegeltent over this. Sort out registration with
Brighton Fringe, or agree to an orderly divorce, but stick together as a unit and do one or the other. I have no reason to believe
there’s going to be any intra-Spiegeltent infighting, but please don’t give me any reason to doubt that. That’s the last thing we
need.

Are we all sorted? Not necessarily. There is a complication. But that’s something for tomorrow.

Thursday 29th May — Sitting (in silence):
Now for the last review, and also one of my more embarrassing ones. As I mentioned earlier, I went to see one play, took a
wrong turn entering the venue, and ended up seeing a completely different plays without realising until the end. I suppose I
could have kept quiet about this, but as I was watching one play whilst expecting the subject material of the other, it’s only fair I
own up. The other option would have been to pretend this never happened (luckily the other play wasn’t a press ticket, thank
goodness) — but this one has earned a good review.
Kitty Falcoln wrote this two-hander and plays the part of “kid” (for the two characters are only knows as “kid” and “dad”.) Kid
is sitting quietly in a meditation treat, only to be interrupted by a visit from “Dad”. As the female-only section of this meditation
retreat, “dad” is not supposed to be here. And, okay, for most of the play I was expecting the other play’s themes of addiction to
appear (which, to be fair, was making sense for the location). Instead, we hear a lot about the relationship of a father and
daughter. There is an addiction theme, but Dad’s drink problem is just one of several theme. Not that Kid thought much of it at
the time - her mother’s desperate midnight search for him when he fails to return home one night was seen as an adventure.
Given how heavily the subject material is hinted at, and the charity this play raises money for, I’m going to allow this review to
give away where it’s going more than I would normally. If I hadn’t been waiting for the drug overdose twist to come in (wrong
play Chris, you idiot), the penny might have dropped sooner. But there is a clue as to where this is going. These two clearly have

an estranged relationship, and yet Kid is quite comfortable telling Dad what she’s doing with her life now and what made her
choose rehab. There is a reason for that. And there’s also a reason for the title, even though Kid hasn’t done any sitting in silence
... Or has she?
One small touch I really liked was the set and costume. Although we never get any details about this priory kid’s staying is,
there’s a surreal feel to the set of a white floor covered in leaves. Which also matches Kid’s dress. But not Dad’s. He is clearly a
mismatch to everything around him - that is symbolic, but makes perfect sense when you know the theme. Sheepish apologies
to Speak Up Act Out whose play High and Dry 1 intended to see - sorry I didn’t have another chance to see this. But once again,
one of my favourite Brighton Fringe plays was one I saw by mistake. Last two performances are Saturday and Sunday, 6.30 p.m.,
Friends Meeting House.

Wednesday 28th May - The Big Bite-Size Breakfast Show (cont.):
Since I was on press tickets for most of the bite-size shows, it’s only fair for a catch-up on those that came after my last review.
‘To be honest, however, I don’t have much to add for the reviews of the first two sets (see May 8th). The twenty plays spread
across the four set have been spread out rather well, with a similar balance of plays throughout each of the four menus.
Normally I would pick out some favourites from the whole list; however, with this year’s Bite-Size being a list of favourites,
there’s far too many to list. I'll leave it to other reviewers to pick out their favourites. I'll mention one though: Tell Someone Who
Cares gets better every time I see it. It starts off with the comedy concept of two women ina

cafe constantly breaking fourth wall

to talk the audience (whilst aware each other is doing this), but as the play proceed it become more and more a sad story of the
women’s insecurities and disappointments.

One small issue I will raise is that some of the seats edged round the side of the stage, but the plays were very much directed to
face the audience out the front. For the small number of people sat round the side, the experience varied. Some actors were good
at blocking difficult sightlines on the fly, others not so much. This is not a particularly important thing though. It only affected a
small number of seats, and such was the success with ticket sales we're surely looking at a bigger space next year where this
won't apply.

So, on to the big question Bite Size Brighton wanted to ask: where do they go from here? Good question. They could carry doing
a greatest hits format if they wanted, because their B-List would probably stand up just as well as this A-list. (Off-hand, I can
think of Tangled Net, The Answer Man, Uncomfortable Silences and I Do.) They could repeat plays from this year (which they did a
lot first time round and that was fine). They could supplement their programme with new plays the Edinburgh/Pleasance
version picks up. Or, for a bigger challenge ... they could take new plays from Sussex-based writers. ‘The reason I think the last
one would be tricky is that — as I’ve said before — ten-minute plays are surprisingly hard to write well. I’ve seen other groups try
to do sets of short plays, and so far, no-one has even come close. Could Bite-Size find good enough plays locally?
The good news, though, is that there’s lots of options open. This was undoubtedly the best possible relaunch they could have
hoped to have, and they will surely go into 2026 in a position of strength.

Tuesday 27th May:
For the final time, a look at what’s coming up. Mid-week is particularly quiet this week — this is partly due to The Rotunda
running three weeks instead of four (with three spaces instead of two in the time they were running). So I’m going to collated
everything coming up in the remainder of the fringe into one list.
If I had been around, I would have been keen to see Flat 4. This story — about the friendship of two students who help each
other do things both difficult and needed — has some flaws whenI saw it last year. However, I’ve seen some video clips of
subsequent reworks, and it looks promising. Tomorrow (Wednesday) at 9.30 Komedia if anyone wants to check it out and
maybe report back to me.

The new entry in my list is Sitting (in silence). Review to follow, and it’s going to be the tricky one to review as it’s the one I saw
by mistake thinking I was seeing something else. As a result, my perception was a glorious mutation of two different plays
mixed together. I'll try to get this review out before the next performance; in the meantime, it’s back Friday to Sunday, Friends
Meeting House, 6.30 p.m.

For C’Est Magnifique fans, there is a closing party on Friday, back at their usual year-round venue of The Tusk Club (that’s the
downstairs pace at The Walrus). 10.00 p.m. Friday, followed by a party into the night. This one looks to be wild.

And wrapping up my list is Dave Bibby’s second showing of this new WIP Hasta La Vista Bibby, his treatment of Back to the
Future. Saturday, Caxton Arms, 6.45. And James Bennison, much welcome back to Brighton Fringe, has his final Role Playing
James on Sunday, 1.30 p.m., Walrus.

There. Enjoy.

Monday 26th May:
Now, however, it’s time for something I’ve been sitting on. And some of you aren’t going to like this. It is my unpleasant duty to
call out a practice I’m seeing more often at fringes, used to shield people from accountability.
Firstly, a recap on why I get arsey every time this rears its head. ‘There was one event that happened to me shortly before I began
this theatre blog. I’d just been diagnosed with autism, and I’d assumed that my civil service workplace - who'd been banging ad
infinitum about the importance of diversity - would follow the law and adjust their behaviour towards me. Instead, I learned
the hard way how determined people are to close ranks — and pull every trick in the book to dismiss and derail complaints
instead of investigating them properly. I’ve gone over the details before; suffice to say, I was pushed part of the way to suicide,
and I wouldn’t wish what happened to me on my worst enemy. Since then, I have got VERY protective over people in power
pull sneaky tricks to evade equality law. I started off learning this the hard way, but I have since educated myself on all the other
techniques used to stonewall victims or even punish them. And if see you doing any of these, I want nothing to do with you.
The practice I’m now seeing with increasingly regularity is tokenism — or more specifically, tokenism of the “some of my best
friend are black” variety. It’s quite simple: when faced with accusations of racism or any other kind of prejudice, you don’t
engage with the criticism. Instead, you find a handful of people from that minority — and there’s always a few out there - who
are completely fine with what you’re doing. Donald Trump sometimes hangs about with Kanye West or Blacks for Trump,
which is enough for his cronies to exclaim “Look, black supporters! He can’t be racist! What’s that? The wrong kind of black
people? Oh wow, there’s no pleasing you lot.” Over here in County Durham my new Reform-run council has removed the
rainbow flag from council offices (in a suspiciously-timed move before Durham Pride), but if they try claiming they can’t be
homophobic because deputy leader Darren Grimes is gay, I’m sure Durham Pride would something to say about that. The
details vary, but the tactic is the same: pass off token support amongst a minority as what they all think, and insinuate all the
allegations are Tory / woke smears. Or, if that’s really not going to wash as that minority overwhelmingly has a problem with
you, use your token supporters to claim that opinion is really spilt down the middle. So that’s okay then.
But I’m wasting my time telling them this. The people guilty of tokenising always find an excuseas to why this is different. In
reality, only two things change: either the people under fire are people they like, or the minority speaking out are people they
don’t. But selective tolerance of discrimination and harassment is contemptible, as is selective solidarity. Some people, I suspect,
think this double standard is normal and don’t even realise what they’re doing. If I thought it would do any good, I would tell
them; unfortunately, in my experience, they get angry and defensive and double down, rather than take a look at themselves.
I’m sure a lots people who've subscribed to tokenism don’t mean any harm, but they’re still protecting the people who do. Sorry,
but if you auto-defend your own side with this tokenism crap, you are just much a danger to minorities as the hardcore bigots —
whether or not that’s what you intended.
If you recognise yourself here, I suppose I should credit you with the self-awareness to notice. But stop it. | would say you owe
an apology, but nobody ever apologises for stuff like this, so the next best thing you can do is backtrack quietly. Since nobody
else seems to understand the Equality Act, let me spell it out for you: the correct procedure when someone complains of
discrimination or harassment is to assume they mean it. Don’t look for excuses to ignore it, don’t try to undermine the
complainant by questioning their motives, don’t issue reprisals against the people who complained (even if the complaint isn’t
upheld). And if a newspaper picks it up and uses it against you — even as an excuse to make you look bad — the complaint still
stands. If you really don’t agree it was discriminatory — and an appropriate investigation decides it’s not proven — so be it. But

the fact remains the people who spoke out thought it was. If that reflects badly on you, that’s tough luck.
Jesus, it’s not my job to explain the Equality Act to you, and yet here I am, spelling it out again. Okay, rant over. Have a nice day.
Postscript: Sometimes I get asked to name and shame who’s doing this. (I also got asked to name and shame for the equally contemptible practice of “Believe
women, no not those women”.) Just to save you some keystrokes, the answer’s going to be no. If I was going to name and shame, I would have done it the
first time round — ifI didn’t, it’s because I think it won’t do any good. Most of the people doing this are small-time artists not unlike me, and the only thing
this might achieve is a dogpile war. If you agree me that tokenism is bad — and I’m grateful for your support — the best think you can do is make it clear what
you think. Tokenism is only happening because it is being tolerated as normal behaviour. There more of you stand up to this, the less likely it’s going to
happen.

Sunday 25th May — Junkies:
Blast from the past here: Qwerky at Bar Broadway might not seem familiar, but Brighton Fringe veterans will remember this as
what was once Upstairs at Three and Ten. The creative enterprise that went on to be known as The Warren. And given what we
now know, it’s a soured bit of nostalgia, but that’s life.

A much more lightly used venue than Three and Ten days, allowing What

Now to schedule two-hour plays there. Just because you can, however, doesn’t mean you should. I’ve seen many a play dragged
down to snail’s pace because there wasn’t enough story to sustain two hours. And, unfortunately, Junkies is one of them.
There is a intriguing concept behind Junkies — questioning whether an addiction to making as much money as you can is that
difference from an addiction to drugs. Mike and Adam got together through internet dating. The age gap is a bit of a strain, but
the more immediate concern, Mike discovers, is that Adam works as a rent boy to feed his opioid addiction — an unintended
consequence of an accident where Adam tried to fight off the pain. So Mike insists Adam goes to rehab. Then Adam observes the
Mike has an equally unhealthy obsession with money. So Adam sets up his own detox and makes Mike take a break at the
French villa he owns but never goes to ... And that’s just about the entire plot. (The play was actually more like 75 minutes plus
interval rather than two hours, but even at 75 the pace was slow.) I talked yesterday about the “What’s going on?” test; this one
is an example of the “get on with it” test.
The thing is, there’s a lot of material that could have been used to make a more interesting story. Addicts are often secretive
about their addiction — there could have been a much stronger plot thread of the two slowly realising the truth about each other,
rather the wising up to each other’s vices immediately. The death of a friend Adam met in rehab could have been a devastating
twist, but this was mentioned before we'd barely got to know that guy. Adam observes that all the rich folk barely use the yachts
they’ve bought, but it would have been a stronger plot device had Mike been in denial that he’d bought so many expensive
things as status symbols. Most frustratingly, there were two very promising plot twists that could have disrupted the story:
Adam discovering Mike was making money through an unscrupulous Opioid merchant, and a stock market crash happened
whilst Adam was keeping Mike away from the internet. But the Opioid dodgy dealings are swiftly forgotten, and the stock
market crash turns out to be a wind-up. Two missed opportunities there for some real conflict.
I really wanted to engage with this, because a play that explored parallels with drug addiction and money addiction has bags of
potential, but this would have benefited from “show, don’t tell’. A lot of observations about this subject that could have steered
the story were all too often commented by one of the characters before moving up. But there is plenty of space within the story
to work this in. Utilise conflict where you have it, and this play would go up a gear.

Saturday 24th May — Out of Character:
Much as I hate it when this happens, there are two ways to turn me off a play that happen more than anything else. One these is
what I call the “Get on with it” test, which fails if I find myself thinking “Get on with it.” The other is the “What's going on?”
test, which fails is I find myself thinking — yes, you’ve guessed it —- “What's going on?” In hindsight, Out of Character was always
going to be vulnerable to the second. Prickly Ash describes this play as “a creative theatrical work that examines how East Asian
female fandom reinterprets male-centric narratives”, and if you are part of a conversation within this particular fandom, this
may well have something to say. However, if you are not part of a conversation within this particular fandom, there’s no chance
of catching up.
We begin with two men clad as stock hero-warriors from any martial arts movie. We are diving straight into the thick of it with
no build-up, and these two guys appear to be squabbling over the love of a good woman. The woman concerned then speaks to
one of the men, but we are so far in I was really hoping for the record scratch freeze frame moment (“Yup, it’s me. I expect you
wonder howI got here. let me explain.”) Instead, we then see a projection on the wall with the title of a story. There are several
of these, always with a female author, but they are the characters within the stories. There’s also a lot of jargon and abbreviations
that presumably make sense to the fandom but I didn’t follow. The two female characters speak to the two men about their
characterisation — but so wrapped up is this in the finer intricacies of a genre I only vaguely, I had no idea what any of this was
about.

There were good things to support the story. I really liked the music created for the performance, and the costumes were very
fitting for the tropes of two hyper-masculine dude and the women normally relegated to side characters. ‘The set also looks
promising, with the lights an platforms on various levels, but this was barely used. The lines were delivered with conviction,
which does make me think this ensemble know their stuff inside out. But if the audience doesn’t, that’s where we have a
problem.

‘To be fair, this play is very heavily marketed at a niche of fans of East Asian stories who object to the gender roles contained
within, and that niche might understand better what this was meant to be about. This is going to Edinburgh Fringe, where
there’s an audience for every niche imaginable, so maybe it will fare better with the right audience. It might be that the message

of the play is so complex that it has to be kept within the people in the know, and that it’s not practical to bring the rest of us up
to speed. But the best plays work on different levels for people with and without the background knowledge. I was really
interested with what play had to say about macho masculine roles in East Asian fiction. I just wish I knew what it was.

Friday 23rd May:

Another weekend, another look at what’s coming up. After a spare mid-week, we've a busy bank holiday weekend.
The breaking news — and apologies for not mentioning this earlier — is that if you were out of luck for The Big Bite-Size
Breakfast Show, another performance has been added. It’s at 7.00 p.m. at Ironworks this Saturday, and this time it’s in one of the
theatre spaces and should hopefully accommodate everyone who missed out first time round. This has a mixture of plays from
menus 1 and 2. Menus 3 and 4 continue at their usual times of 10.00 a.m. and 11.30 a.m. on Saturday — Monday, and the Brighton
Fringe allocations are now sold out, but worth checking with Ironworks Studios directly for standing tickets.
Some new picks to add based on last weekend. This one missed by radar, but Doktor James fans will be pleased to know that
James Bennison is back at Brighton Fringe after a break of a few years with Role Playing James. Like Dungeons and Dragons,
but sillier - however, it does of course include a twenty-sided dice. 1.30 p.m. At Laughing Horse Walrus, Sunday and Monday.
Everyone Rotate Right joins my recommendations; difficult to explain this one in advance of a review, but it’s got some clever
staging within the confined of a full-mask show where you have to make do with neither for facial expressions. 5.00 p.m.
tomorrow and 2.00 p.m. Sunday, Rotunda. And Sitting (in Silence) was an unexpected gem. Review to follow, but next two
performances are 6.30 p.m. Sunday and Monday, Friends Meeting House.

Couple of pre-fringe recommendations on this weekend. Will BF: Moon Team IITV is on Saturday at Sunday, 7.30 p.m. at The
Actors. If you enjoyed The Last Gun, you'll enjoy this too: a documentary about an abysmal movie, this time one like Star Wars,
with lots of innovative audience interaction. And Freddie Hayes (behind the highly surrealistic Potatohead) brings her new show
The Magic Lady — where when woman who kept getting sawn in half starts her own show - at 3.00 tomorrow (Saturday) at
Spiegelgardens.

And continuing show: Alasdair Beckett-King’s new WIP King of Crumbs restarts tonight and concludes tomorrow, Laughing
Horse Caroline of Brunswick. And Stephen Catling’s Moving On ... Really Really Slowly at at 5.15 on Monday at the Rotunda.
And there we go. Here is a picture of Brighton Pavilion.

(https: / /chrisontheatre. wordpress.com / wp-content/uploads/2025/05/img_9071L jpg)

Thursday 22nd May — The Dahlia Files:

Now for something a bit different. There’s quite a lot of theatre in a fringe that works a message into a story, but other “topical”
theatre does little more than express the writers’ /actors’ opinions on stage. As I’ve said many times before, I’m not that keen on
the latter format, because it’s not clear what that does that a talk wouldn’t. The Dahlia Files, however, stands out for doing both
in the same play. And the topic it covers is true crime podcasts.
The internet has doubtless revolutionised video and audio content. Thirty years ago it was all but impossible to connect to an
audience without the backing of a broadcaster or publisher. Today, streaming services and self-publication has made it possible
to cut out all the middle men: anyone can build up an audience, with the biggest successes able to earn vast amounts in
advertising and sponsorship. Amongst this are the true crime podcasts, where the largest channels are big business. But — much
as I welcome anything that hinders gatekeeping — this free-for-all has a price. Such is the competition for viewers, and such is
the pressure to keep the viewers you have, the default pressure is for increasingly mawkish content, with accuracy and
sensitivity only optional. Something that, in theory, a more reputable publisher would make more effort over. In theory.
We meet The Black Dahlia, or as she was knownin life, Elizabeth Short. She tells us the story of being raised by her widowed
mother, her abortive attempt to rebuild relations with her no-good not-dead-after-all father, heartbreak when the man she was
set to marry died days before the end of World War 2, and her struggle to get by without him. In a normal play, this would all
build to the story; but in this one, none of it matters. She was found cut in half aged 22 in one of the most infamous and
unsolved murders in American history. Now she is here to tell you her opinion on these podcasts making a fortune off victims
such as her.
‘There is a clever transition between the two — fleeting reference mentioned during her life story become very relevant later.
Audience interaction established in the first half takes on a very different role when we move to the podcasts. There is open
contempt for the more mawkish podcasts obsessed with grisly details, and attempting to reinvestigate a case when there's
obviously nothing new to say. However, nuance plays its part too. Questions over who should be allowed to tell stories and who
should make money from it are left open-ended - after all, this play happily admits it is also telling the story and making money.
And whatever issues we have with grisly podcasts, that’s nothing compared to the Los Angeles Examiner. Won't give away that
detail here, but they were utter utter bastards.
There was maybe a couple of spots where it got confusing as to what was being referred to. At one point there was a swipe at
the people who said she deserved this. I later found this was more a general comment about the attitude that sex workers and
the like are asking for trouble, but this I interpreted as Elizabeth Short asking to be cut in half, something where even the most
deranged misogynists tend to draw the line. It might have helped to give some examples of bad practices (changing details if
you don’t want to name and shame individuals). That’s my only fault though. This was described as experimental, but I think
it’s an experiment that’s paid off. Brighton run has now finished, but this is going to Edinburgh Free Fringe if you fancy catching
it there.

Wednesday 21st May:
As usual, I don’t normally write a review the day after returning from Brighton because I’m always knackered and need to
recharge. In the meantime, let’s turn our attention back to what’s probably the biggest unknown factor at Brighton Fringe: what
Spiegeltent decides to do. But ... before we can consider that, we need to consider what’s happening with the works in Old
Steine Gardens: specifically, will it be back in action this time next year? This is where things get a bit confusing.
Unlike the work at St. Peter’s Church (aka the Warren site) in 2019, this is not a stand-alone project to refurbish an open space,
but part of a wider traffic scheme. Infrastructure nerds will know that London Road has been heavily reworked in the last
decade — out goes two lanes of traffic running both sides of Victoria Gardens, in comes a more traffic-calmed system. The area
around Old Steine Gardens is essentially a completion of this project. The good news is that if you're a cyclist, the cycle lanes
along London Road are finally going to be connected to the cycle lanes on the seafront, saving you the need of fiddly diversions
or gliding suicidally through lanes of traffic. Also probably good news for pedestrians, Brighton Fringe punters included, who
will hopefully have a less faffy route over pedestrian crossings. The bad news - which we already know — is that Old Steine
Gardens has temporarily been taken out of action in the meantime.
What is less clear is how long Old Steine Gardens are going to be out of action. The works are meant to be completed “next
summer”, which could take out Spiegeltent’s usual site a second year running. However, this is a phased set of works. This is
the best reference | can find (https: //www.brighton-hove.gov.uk/travel-and-road-safety /a-vision-for-valleygardens /construction-schedule), but it’s concerned with traffic closures rather than park closures. The one bit of hope for an

early reopening is that the final phase, meant to be starting in winter this year moves on the the seafront. So maybe Old Steine
gardens will be back in action. But they'll have to be decisive about this - can’t see many people willingly committing to a popup venue whose land might not be ready in time.
If Old Steine isn’t ready in time, I think we can safely assume Spiegelgardens will continue into 2026 as a continuing stop-gap
measure. As for when Old Steine does come back into play — whether in 2026 or 2027 — that’s when things will get interesting.

Tuesday 20th May, 11.15 p.m. — Great Britons
All right, how’s this for a pitch? History is boring: whether it’s remembering dates by rote or trawling through references to see
what's verifiable, few people are enthused by the academic routes. If you want to engage most people, let’s make history fun.
It’s much more engaging if you do a light-hearted account that stories both the lives we lived then and the lives we live now.
And, sure, we'll take the odd liberty with accuracy for the sake of the humour, but that doesn’t mean you have to be misleading.
As long as it’s clear what's a fact and what's a joke, this can reach far more people than a dusty textbook.
Well, I have good news and bad news. The good news is that we know for a fact this format succeeds, because Horrible Histories
exists, firstly as books, and later the spin-off TV programmes and stage shows. Indeed, my knowledge of history from schools is
primarily supplemented by Horrible Histories and Wikipedia.
The bad news? If you're not the writer of Horrible Histories, you've
got a hard act to follow. Not that I wouldn’t rate The Foundry as up to the challenge. Brian Mitchell and Joseph Nixon have
penned a series of hits, and who knows, had they beaten Terry Deary to it, the glory might have been theirs. But Terry Deary got
there first, and anything of that style now is inevitably going to be measured against that.
‘That said, it stands up well. This is unashamedly a fun project performed by Brian Mitchell with Murray Simon. This covers the
stories of mostly military leaders whose victories contributed to the Britain we have today, from Alfred the Great to the Duke of
Wellington. But before you go “Huh, typical, look at the wars we won eh?”, one person on the list is Robert the Bruce, who is
technically a Briton (although he might not appreciate that). Liberties in the stories include the English incursion into Scotland
losing morale because of the confusing mixture of Scottish banknotes,
There is a lot of chopping and changing between the stories, which is mostly fine, but one small tweak I’d request is to keep
Admiral Nelson and the Duke of Wellington’s stories in chronological order to each other. When both bios relate to the
Napoleonic wars, it gets a bit confusing when the Battle of Trafalgar comes after Waterloo. Other than that, however, it does the
job, with the double-act this is written for telling to stories through a mixture of storytelling, skits and songs. Which, of course,
Horrible Histories also did. Is it that big a deal though? I don’t really subscribe to the theory that anything derivative is not
worth your time. I’d much rather have that than a shoehorned change that makes things worse (something that happen all too
often if you don’t understand why the original was so successful). Derivative writing is also a good way to learn the ropes,
seeing for yourself how writing you loved works. Of course, The Foundry Group are the opposite of learners — as such, some
Foundry Group fans might feel disappointed by the lack of innovation here. But fans of their humour won’t be disappointed, as
there is plenty in their style here.
In summary, zero points for originality here, but this wasn’t really what Great Britons is about, it was just a fun thing to see and
do. This won’t stand out the way their many more original works have, but just enjoy it for the light humour it is.

Tuesday 19th May, 8.15 p.m.:
And that’s it from me. My second and final visit is done and I’m on the trains home.
Here’s the scores on the doors:
29 plays seen
9 reviews written so far
6 reviews pending

10 reviews embargoed until Brighton Fringe ends due to Rotunda connections.
And 4 plays where, for different reasons, I won't be writing reviews. More on this later.
For purposes of keeping stats comparable, I’m counting all four Bite-Size menus as one.

Phew.

Tuesday 19th May, 2.00 p.m. — The Moulin Bouge:
So, having commented on the Circus Yard (see 10.30 p.m. Sunday), now it’s time for the review on what I came to see, and it’s
another cabaret show. Again, cabaret is not really in my remit, but having seen how well C’Est Magnifique did the 1920s Berlin
nightclub theme, I thought I’d give this another go. This time, however, the theme is a lot more of a novelty: a show that
Enchtante Productions describes as “The world’s only potato themed cabaret”.* Definitely a more novelty theme here — how
does this work out.
* Actually, I have seen another potato themed cabaret, but I’ll let them off that. It’s the fringe circuit — somebody amongst the thousands of acts out there is
bound to be doing something similar, no matter how wild and random you think it was.

The Moulin Bouge is a mixed-bill cabaret show where five performers with a array of circus talent perform a variety of acts
covering singing, dancing, comedy and acrobatics. We begin with our hostess singing Diamonds are Girl’s Best Friend, except it’s
Potatoes are a Girl’s Best Friend. Then a farmer comes on stage with a sack and pulls out “The most beautiful potato I’ve even
seen”, which is a fellow dancer representing a potato — I’ll allow it, dance takes all sorts of liberties with what
animal / vegetable / mineral a human dancer is representing. It was at this point I realised how talented this ensemble was, with
this potato theme adding to their skills rather than compensating for the lack of them.
However, I was sceptical that it would be possible to sustain this theme for a full hour — and unfortunately my scepticism was
founded. One genuinely inspired idea was the potato-themed stripper (enters to the tune of The Stripper and proceeds to peel a
potato, of course). But there were a lot of other acts which, whilst perfectly capable, had links to potatoes /chips/crisps that were
somewhat tenuous. The trained circus dog bit had nothing to do with this other than the dog allegedly being named “potato”. A
funny re-enactment of The Titanic contained the line “Paint me, like one of your French Fries”. I get the impression that this
ensemble had a lot of pre-existing acts that had the potato theme retrofitted for the show — but there’s only so many times you
can do this before it feels contrived.
I will leave it up to cabaret reviewers to give a more authoritative verdict on the actual cabaret — as far as I’m concerned, it was
great, but I’ll defer to pickier reviewers. But I fear that the potato theme led to a show whom sum was weaker than its parts, and
as such, I would question whether this theme was the right choice. I’m not saying the theme is unworkable, because I’ve been
amazed how well some acts stretched out a novelty I thought would be exhausted after five minutes. If you can go all-in on the
theme, go for it. But maybe they'd be better off with a different theme, or forget about the theme altogether and just rely on the
talents they delivered in spades. Regardless, it was meant as a fun event, and fun it certain was. Runs Wednesday-Friday this if
you want some potato-theme light entertainment.

Monday 18th May, 10.30 p.m.:

As we've started week 3, another chance to look at what’s happening. Again, it’s quite sparse mid-week. Week 4 is going to be
busier though.
So with an empty week 3, I’m going to bend the rules and mention the in-house productions of my co-producer venue The
Rotunda. This time, it’s two of Ross Ericson’s plays. On Tuesday at 6.30 it’s Moby Dick, the greatest story ever written about a
sea captain who has a beef with one specific whale. Then on Wednesday and Thursday still at 6.30, it’s Gratiano, a new take on
The Merhcant of Venice but set in fascist Italy, which has a lot of interesting things to say. All at Rotunda.
Looking ahead to Friday, Alasdair Beckett-King has his second WIP for his new show King of Crumbs at 8.15 p.m. But he
doesn’t need an introduction, and I’m currently in a pub trying to socialise, so I'll finish here.

Monday 18th May, 8.00 p.m.:

It’s finally happened. I’ve turned up to see a play and only realised I was watching the other play in the same venue as it ended.
Luckily it was good. Also, this wasn’t a review request thank God.
Well, that was embarrassing.

Monday 18th May, 3.00 p.m. — Frat:
I must confess, I was kind-of hoping for the easy option here. As somebody fortunate enough to be not American, my sole
source of information on American fraternities is God-awful American Pie-era frat comedies where the life-and-soul-of-the-party
pray for an unscheduled visit from Jason Vorhees. So I was kind-of hoping for a play that panders exactly to my preconceptions.
At first, it looks like my wish is granted. Set in the Beta Chi Omega fraternity (and the frat obsession with Greek letter gets me
irrationally angry) The opening scene is an initiation ceremony in the dark where a new member is forced to make pledges of
loyalties and asked stupid questions with no right answer, and I’m happily thinking “I already hate these pricks’.
Okay, okay, I’m being flippant. Much as I would LOVE to watch a play called 1,001 reason to hate all frat boys with every fibre of
your being, the better play — which is what Namesake Theatre is doing - is to understand fraternities rather than jump to kneejerk condemnation. Immediately after this scene we see Brent practising his speech in his capacity as Vice-President, which
wouldn’‘t sound that out of place over here. In fact, there is a whole system in place quite similar to a student union in the UK
(or, if you know howa collegiate systems work, a JCR). Apart from the flagrant promises of nepotism in your future career. And
the inevitable laddish culture that comes with single-sex socialising. And the “sorority relations” which is worst misogynistic,
and at best kinda weird. And policing themselves, including that ought to be a matter for the actual Police.
In fairness to Beta Chi Omega they are not a completely unaccountable fiefdom. They are rocked by another fraternity whose
reputation lies tatters following sexual assault allegations. It falls to Brent to keep things in check, and for much of the play, it
seems he does. He stays largely out of the peer pressure, and doesn’t rise to the insinuations over the not-a-date he’s having
with a female friend he knew from school. Although given the way things are going with her boyfriend, she’s imminently
single, then join Brent at one of their hedonistic frat parties, now newly-single. And things progress with what seems to a
natural progression for two people who’
ve left bad relationships finding happiness with each other.
But something is not as it seems. In the next scene, Brent had been accused of sexual assault from the same not-newly-singleafter-all friend. With next to no witnesses where it mattered, it’s close to one person’s word against another’s. We don’t get to
know the evidence either way, and in principle, either of them could be telling the truth. But there is one thing that pushes
suspicion on Brent. Until now, he has been level-headed, moderating the actions of his less scrupulous peers — but now the mask
starts to slip. In particular, a chance conversation about a friend’s girlfriend owning up a sexual encounter she had before they
got together — which neither party has much of an issue with — prompts Brent to get suspiciously inquisitive over who a
previous girlfriend of his own. Does it really matter matter who an ex went to bed with before they met? The Brent showing his
true colours thinks it does.
I would have started this final chapter of the play sooner myself — before then the plot was starting to dip, and it wasn’t entirely
clear where the story was going other than a minor student politics grievance. And one small but important thing I thought was
missing is what pushed the power dynamics at the end. When it’s first revealed what accusation Brent is facing, the rest of the
cast is solidly behind him, believing he’s been stitched up. By the end, they’ve turned on him, but it’s not clear why. Did they
learn something new that caused them to stop believing Brent’s version of events? Or did they not know who was telling the
truth but decided he was becoming too much of a liability to the fraternity? Either thing would make for an interesting
conclusion, but without knowing what it was, it left an important strand unresolved. But these challenges arise when you go for
a complex and nuanced instead of a simplistic one. I’m glad Namesake theatre didn’t pick the easy route, because this give a lot
more to talk about.

Sunday 17th May, 10.30 p.m.:
Oh, bloody hell, yet again what was supposed to be a rest and recuperation day became a five-show day: four review requests
that can’t wait another day, plus one show of an It’s Not Cluedo guest. (I make an effort to see the shows of my guests — it’s the
least I can do in return.)
One place I went to today was the Circus Yard again. (Yes, half and hour’s walk from everywhere else, bugger, but still ...) One
reason I went was to check out the smaller Little Puck space, which was only pitched after I last visited. Review to follow, but in
the meantime, I’m getting increasingly fond of these two venues. The question remains of whether a large pop-up venue in an
outlying area is a workable model.

However ... I was around at the time Revel Pucks were doing their show. Lots of noise from the cheering in Big Puck, and very
busy as the audience were leaving ...

|
‘

(https: / /chrisontheatre. wordpress.com /wp-content / uploads / 2025 /05/ wp-17476029257776275866385981319196jpg)
If Revel Pucks are counting on their own show to carry the venue, this looks like a good sign. Can they succeed where
Caravanserai and Fool’s Paradise failed and do well enough to make a return worthwhile the following year? Lots of unknown
variables still (not least how costs are faring), but there’s at least one thing in their favour.

Sunday 17th May, 11.00 a.m.:
Been chatting to Duncan Lustig-Prean just now, and took the opportunity to ask how ticket sales are going. The answer: “good”.
Didn't bother asking for precise numbers, as I know they fluctuate a lot day to day and it’s difficult to infer anything reliably,
but this, combined with the mood I’m picking up elsewhere, suggests sales are indeed on the rise.
‘To repeat an earlier caveat, a rise is not automatically good. A rise is sales at Edinburgh Fringe might enable them to return to
2019 levels, but there’s little enthusiasm to go back to that. I’m not even sure there’s enthusiasm for a return to 2019 levels in
Brighton, although that may be more to do with the rapid expansion of The Warren — and we all know what happened next.
For the time being, however, I’d put better sales as a good thing for, if nothing else, stability. Over the last decade in Brighton,
landlords have been notoriously unreliable. As the Vault Festival found out to their cost, even the most-long-standing
arrangements can be taken away without warning. Better cash-flow makes it a lot easier to move to a new home unscathed. It
also gives a message to landlords that you're viable people to do business with. Not sure I’m entirely comfortable with the
second point, as it could mean landlords chasing an increasingly bigger share of the pie like Edinburgh Fringe has, but at least
Edinburgh Fringe doesn’t have to worry about constantly relocating venues.
Still a lot of work to be done to get Brighton Fringe back to stability, but so far, so good.

Sunday 17th May, 9.30 a.m. — Medium:
Phew. Third and final show of mine done, last-minute drop-out crisis dealt with. Sorry I wasn’t able to post any reviews
yesterday, the long walk to and from and outlying venue finished me off. But now I have some down time, so let’s get a move on
with Medium.
This play sold out its opening performance, in advance of any assistance from reviews or word-of-mouth. I assumed this was an
established show that had already built wp a reputation from previous runs, but it turns out it’s not. This was an in-house
production from ACT (home of the Lantern), initiated by a 20-minute version of the script from a playwriting course, which in
turn was loosely based on an anonymous memoir “Confessions of a medium”. Not that I would have guessed the play’s origin the standard was easily up there with establish fringe writers, and I’d have no idea this was a first-timer had I not been told.

‘Two men are preparing for a seance in Victorian London. In charge of this is is Thomson (Luke O'Dell) a respected psychic, with
his devoted right-hand man (Ronald Hamilton) turning up early to prepare things. This play may only be loosely based on the
source material, but the setting is very convincing. In Victorian times there genuinely was a craze of the occult — that was part of
the reason Dracula was such a success — but as with any craze, there are fraudsters and hoaxers getting in on it. The Lincoln
Ghost Photo (https: / / en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ghost_of Abraham _Lincoln_(photograph)) has just been exposed as a fake, and
now the more sceptical press are turning against the business. These two men, however, truly have faith in the occult, and have
personal experiences to back up their beliefs.
The two men are supposed to be equals, supporting each other through thick and thin. But as the hour progresses, a more
sinister dynamic emerges. Thomson is actually a control freak, who’s gained unwavering trust by nefariously exploiting a
grieving father. Now the net is closing in and Thomson can no longer rely on his companions naive loyalty — and so plans to
manipulate him into outright fraud. And even this isn’t enough. Thomson was the other man to himself using every ruthless
trick in the book to cut him off from everyone and everything else in his life.
Both performances are excellent, but Luke O’Dell’s really stands out. Even at the start when the two men are equals, he already
puts in subtle giveaways that he’s the one really in charge — and the events progress and Thomson is forced to reveal more of his
hand, we see more and more of his true colours and an accomplished and manipulative sociopath. The world this play is set is
also convincing in every detail, with a new craze being abused by opportunists and charlatans, at the moment where society is
starting to wise up and they’re on the defensive. This, plus one minor plot point I won't give away, suggests that Thomson
won't be getting away with it much longer.
If I was to pick one fault with the play, it’s the plot point involving the white rose, the thing that causes Thomson’s stooge to first
smell a rat. Unless I missed something, I don’t understand why Thomson would have left someone in his case for his friend to
find that would have got him suspicious. But that’s the only point I have to fault this. Excellent writing from fringe first-timer
Isaac Freeman, great job from director Eddisford to realise this vision, and — in hindsight - such a pity this only ran for three
nights in a small studio.

Saturday 16th May, 1.30 p.m.:
Aarrgh. Crisis. Meant to do a review of Medium just now, but I’ve got a minor emergency that needs resolving in the next three
hours. So I’m just going to give a recommendation now - this is a strong contender for best Brighton Fringe play I’ve seen to far.
On at The Lantern today and tomorrow at 7.00 p.m. Full review coming ASAP, but it might not be until after the show tonight,
and since last night sold out, you might want to get a move on with this. Good luck.

Friday 16th May, 9.00 p.m.:

Before going to bed, let’s round up what's on this weekend. I’ve already mentioned OnlyGrans (see Monday 12th), which
restarted Friday, continues tomorrow 3.45 and finishes Sunday at 8.15, Rotunda.
Big name tomorrow is The Big Bite Size Breakfast Show, which begins menus 3 and 4 tomorrow, at 10.00 a.m. and 11.30 a.m.
respectively. The Brighton Fringe ticket allocation is now sold hold; however, apparently they do cheap standing tickets if the
seats are fully booked. Looks like a success story here - these audiences, whilst not at current Edinburgh Fringe levels, are vastly
surpassing what they got at first time round in Brighton.
I’m going to drop a recommendation here for The Trumpeter, because this could do with some more audience. Unlike Bite-Size,
this the opposite of light entertainment, being the story of a military musician trapped underground in the last days of the siege
of Mauripol, but if you want a reassurance, this is a play written by someone who was there, and therefore lived to tell the tale.
Review to follow, but in the meantime, it’s 2.15 tomorrow and 5.15 Sunday.
Not Brighton Fringe, but the Foundry Group’s Great Britons has a one-off performance tomorrow. The Foundry Group have a
long string of comedy successes to their name, including Big Daddy versus Giant Haystacks, Lord God and Underdogs, and this tour
of British history looks to be a fun take on the subject. Church of the Annunciation (near the former Warren/ Caravanserai site)
at 7.30. Full length play here, so allow two hours.
And finally, a new wildcard to throw in. If you want something different, there an outdoor performance in the garden on
frequent fringe hosts Lionhouse. Not Actors of Dionysus like like is usually is, but instead Ropetackle Storytellers. The Labours
of Hercules runs until Sunday at 7.00, or for something earlier in the day, Dionysus at 2.00 p.m. on Satruday. Again, these are
both full-length, so allow two hours, plus time to get to and from the house. But I always enjoy seeing something there.
Okay. that’s it. Early night.

Friday 16th May, 4.00 p.m.:

Welcome everyone, I’m back. And I’ve had my first sighting of Rotunda’s new Pip space. Wasn’t assembled when I was last

here, but I can see it now, and it looks pretty cool.

=

es

J

(https: / /chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/wp-

(https:
tt / /chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/wp-

content/uploads/2025/05/bafkreibsb2ffw3d52pxxd5344jtqszwszontkhd
Alu
pads
20277 DA] bafebiclbkaudayzz2mz2ukq6kylow

Friday 16th May, 10.45 a.m:

One thing I’m keen to establish this time round is how ticket sales are going. I never got round to enquiring last time I was here,

but two weeks in it’s a better moment to get a feel for the whole fringe.
Usual caveat: does more tickets mean “good”? At Edinburgh, you could argue that more sales pushes up demand in an already
overcrowded city. As far as I know, there’s not yet an equivalent concern in Brighton, and the usual assumption holds that more

sales is a good thing.
Anyway, if and when I have news, I will return to this.

Friday 16th May, 9.45 a.m.:

Okay Brighton here I come. Just passed Stevenage.
In the meantime, I have started by preview of upcoming local theatre in the north-east
(https:/ /chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/2025/05/16 /whats-worth-watching-spring-summer-2025/). Durham and Newcastle

peeps, hope you enjoy that.

Friday 16th May, 5.45 a.m.:

5.45 a.m. Bugger. Not again.

Thursday 15th May:
Back in Brighton tomorrow. Before that, a small housekeeping reminder. Might be a bit futile saying this, as it’s already
happened, and I don’t have any way of getting this through to the people who need to hear it, but a reminder anyway:
If you're going to give me a review request, please get it in before the fringe starts.

This applies to both Brighton and Edinburgh.
‘The reason I ask this is that I simply do not have time to keep on top of incoming requests once a fringe is underway.
Beforehand, it’s easy enough to dedicate time to delinquently logging everything I receive, and planning itineraries to take in as
much as I can, but one I’m seeing shows and writing up reviews, I can’t multitask that far — and certainly not when I also have
my own show to work with. I’m not sure why I get so many late requests, it might be that people think I’m more likely to take
not if I see it a few days before, but that doesn’t work for me. Perhaps review publications with actual editors /administrators
are better at doing this — that said, everyone I know who has expressed an opinion on last-minute review requests has
discouraged it.

This is actually something I think Edinburgh and Brighton Fringe media offices could do better. I get a ton of review requests
from both because I’m on their media lists, but, as far as I’m aware, I have no way of getting information about how to contact
me. Edinburgh, I believe, allows you to tick boxes of what sort of categories you’
re interested in, but little more. Certainly for
Edinburgh I would like the opportunity to say that I prioritise works that have been to other fringes first — that’s on my own
blog, but no-one’s going to look that up. Neither is anyone going to look up my request to send in review requests before the
fringe starts. I get it, performers have a huge list of reviewers to deal with, so the easier you make it for performers to get this
information, the more help it is for both of us.
However, if you really have left you review requests to the last moment, I’d rather it was late than never. Very occasionally, I get
a request for a must-see and I try to make it work. My last date in Brighton is the 20th May, so it’s worth a try.
See you all tomorrow.

Wednesday 14th May:
Now for a bit of breaking news that, whilst not officially Brighton Fringe news, will be of interest to Brighton Fringe performers,
or, more specifically, Brighton Fringe performers taking their shows to Edinburgh in three months’ time. Ever since the
Mancswaggertwats announced an Edinburgh gig timed to make things as expensive and inconvenient as possible for everyone,
there has been nerves over accommodation become unaffordable. True, registration numbers have not been dented, but that
could simply mean artists are left with no option but to pay even more.
So one notable absence through all of this was Edinburgh Fringe’s participant accommodation with Queen Margaret University.
Apart from one snag over the location of Musselburgh (heavily mitigated by excellent rail and bus links), the price worked out
at £40 a night, which I thought was a bargain considering the horror stories I hear on costs. Why hasn’t it being coming this
time. Have Oasis and co already exhausted all remaining accommodation in Edinburgh and beyond?
Not quite. Edinburgh Fringe announced today a repeat of last year’s arrangement (https: / / www.edfringe.com /about-us /newsand-blog /the-fringe-society-partners-again-with-queen-margaret-university-for-festival-village-ahead-of-fringe-2025 /?
utm_content=389186784&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook&hss_channel=fbp-74175124037). Good news for anyone
still to find accommodation. Who’s it not such good news for? Anyone who’s already booked their accommodation, possibly
people who can’t really afford something more expensive but had to book anyway because they thought this wasn’t coming. I’m
pretty sure there will be a reason for the delay somewhere, because I can’t imagine Edinburgh Fringe would have delayed this
announcement for the hell of it. But that’s little consolation for people who've already booked. Definitely better late than never
though.
Incidentally, I’m beginning to wonder if the price pressures on accommodation from Oasis have been exaggerated by attempted
“greedflation”. Last September some of the prices were insane, but I’ve checked again and the prices seems to have reverted to
something more typical. Still maybe a 25% markup over normal, but not triple, making me suspect some landlord where start
off with sky-high rents, waiting to see if they had any takers, then reducing it when they didn’t. Of course, Edinburgh Fringe is
expensive with or without stupidly-timed reunion concerts, and if Oasis had no effect that’s far from problem solved. But last
September we were looking at nightmare scenario of participants having no choice but to pay double or something. Hopefully
we can now rule out something that bad.

Tuesday 13th May:
In all the talk of breakaways, there is one minor detail that hasn‘t received much attention. In 2024, it wasn’t just Spiegeltent
who opted out of Brighton Fringe’s Umbrella: Sweet Venues did the same too. This year, there as possibly first signs of an olive
branch with Spigeltent via Spiegelgardens, but Sweet Venues has remained outside Brighton Fringe, doing their own
“SweetFest” again. This time last year, it was just about conceivable that Sweet and Spiegeltent might co-ordinate to runa
parallel or even competing fringe. This year, however, it looks a lot less sensational, for several reasons.
Firstly, once again, “SweetFest” is again only running over part of Brighton Fringe. Last year this could be put down to their
new site (The Yellow Book) having only just opened — but this year there was nothing to stop then running the full month if they
wished. The other notable detail is that registration for SweetFest opened very late — way after Brighton Fringe registrations
closed (for the paper programme), and so late I’d started to wonder if they weren’t going to bother. Once again, the programme
is heavily slanted towards artists who are Sweet regulars, or actually produced by Sweet.
But again, this doesn’t say much about relations with Brighton Fringe as says a lot more about Sweet's changing priorities. They
were a producing company before they made a name for themselves as a fringe venue, peaking in 2019 as a major player in both
Edinburgh and Brighton. Now the focus is very much back on producing. That and running their own mini-festivals. Shortly
before Brighton Fringe started, they ran a brand new folklore “Once and Futures” festival, which I hear went rather well.
Brighton Horrorfest continues at Halloween, and in September they’re doing Dundee Fringe - which they run, rather than just
participate in as a venue.

And it’s also worth pointing out that what Sweet Venues is doing is not that out of the ordinary. A big pop-up venue such as
Speigeltent was a big deal, but plenty of year-round venues exist in Brighton that continue running in May with or without
Brighton Fringe affiliation. (The Old Market and Brighton Open Air Theatre are particularly notable for mostly running outside
Brighton Fringe, with only a few acts choosing to opt in.) Had Sweet walked away in 2016-2018 at the peak of its Brighton
operations, and taken four spaces with them, that would have been a disaster. Now, not so much.
The stand-off can’t go on forever: in the long-run it’s either a renegotiated settlement with Brighton Fringe or an orderly divorce.
A few weeks again, I’d have put Spiegeltent as the more likely candidate for orderly divorce. Now, with the current charm
offensive going on via Spiegelgardens, I’m saying all bets are off. But if short festivals does become the norm for Sweet at the
Yellow Book, that gives a face-saving route out, for both sides to agree that Sweet's festivals and Brighton Fringe are different
things.
That would be a shame though. Out of all the places Sweet Brighton has moved into, I think the Yellow Book is my favourite. It
will be a good base for festivals. But it will be pity if it’s not part of Brighton Fringe.

Monday 12th May:
Week 2 begins, and this is where I would give my recommendations for the upcoming mid-week listings. For once, however,
there’s very little going on Monday — Thursday on my list. Glenda and Rita (who are on my radar simply for turning up to my
show and being fab) are performing on Wednesday, but that’s already sold out. One thing that isn’t sold out is the next
Wednesday performance of C’Est Magnifique at 9.00 p.m., Spiegelgardens, but I’ve sung my praises of this enough now, and
they don’t need my help to promote this. But if you haven’t already seen it, you won’t be disappointed.
Since it’s a bit sparse, a look ahead to Friday instead of the usual Monday-Thursday. You might like OnlyGrans, which at first
glance straddled the border between theatre and comedy, but having seen this, it’s firmly on the comedy side of the fence: a very
surrealistic satirisation of Tinder culture where all the messages about hot milfs in you area come through an old-style rotary
phone. This is at Rotunda at 5.15 starting Friday. There’s also a one-off showing of John Robertson (of Dark Room fame) and his
new WIP at 9.30 in Caroline of Brunswick. John Robertson is actually one of the best comedians I know for improvised audience
reaction — good in the Dark Room, but even better is shows dedicated to this (and I think we can safely assume John Robertson
plays with his audience does this). Plus another showing of C’Est Magnifique at 9.30.
Usual disclaimer: I know know of a small cross-section of what’s in Brighton Fringe. There will be great stuff I’ve going on that
I've never heard of. You should be giving those a chance anyway, but this week is as good as time as any.

Sunday 11th May:
Now, slightly later than planned, my thoughts on the two major pop-up venues that has arrived on the Brighton Fringe scene.

(https: / /chrisontheatre. wordpress.com / wp-content /uploads/2025/05/img_9057.jpg)
So the thing that cannot have escaped your attention is Spiegelgardens. I’ve already given my account (as far as I understand
this) of how we got to this point, but part of the reason I picked C’Est Magnifique was to check out the venue. The first
impression is that Spiegelgardens on a Friday night is just as busy as Spiegeltent was. The second impression is that it’s basically
all of the same bars as last time, just the performance venues downscaled to Wunderbarn. The fact that the main bar is still
called “Spiegelpub” is the strongest evidence yet that Spiegeltent is okay with this (otherwise it would be prime grounds fora
trademark lawsuit).
None of this is a real surprise. Most versions of the Spiegelgardens story I’m hearing have put North Laine Brewery as the
driving force for this. Whilst Spiegeltent might have been happy to wait for Old Steine Gardens to return, North Laine Brewery
was not so keen to lose a year’s business. (I’ve also heard that Wunderbarn was included as the Council were less likely to
accept a pop-up drinkery with no performing arts - even so, the bars dominate this space and arguably push this rule to the
limit.) Still notable that Spiegelgardens registered back into Brighton Fringe, which, as far as I can tell, they didn’t have to.
Whatever the reason, Brighton Fringe have been in full-on charm offensive this year. Anecdotally, I’ve heard a lot of positive
things about Spiegelgardens from various performers and venue people, who see it as an arty hang-out where you'll always see
someone there who you know. Will this be enough to get Spiegeltent proper back in Brighton Fringe? I might post some
speculation on this later. But so far, so good.
Now, the other big one: the Circus Yard. This one I’m a bit more wary about — and this is nothing personal against Revel Pucks
who run this, merely jaded expectations from past disasters. In principle, the bigger a venue is, the more business it needs to do
to make money. As it is situated on The Levels, further north than the usual pop-up spots, making money on drinks isn’t really
an option. On the other hand, venue size isn’t the only measure of expense. As I’ve said numerous times, Caravanserai had
excellent business and footfall, but still made a big loss as costs went out of control. It stands to reason that the reverse could be
possible: you could in theory never get close to a full venue, but still make a tidy profit because you keep control of expenses.
One would also think that Revel Pucks should have a good idea of how much business they can do in a circus tent with their
own show - anything else (and I never seriously expected the show I saw to come anywhere near 550 seats) is a bonus.
But the worst-case scenario would be something. And we know from experience that Brighton Fringe as a record of getting too
involved in venue running and ending up with the lion’s share of a loss. For the reasons above I don’t think this is likely, but I
was wrong about that with Caravanserai and could be wrong again. So the summary at this stage is that I’m increasingly
optimistic Spiegelgardens with be good for both Spiegeltent and Brighton Fringe. For the Circus Yard: guys,
what you're doing.

[hope you know

Saturday 10th May:
Whilst you're enjoying the second weekend of Brighton Fringe, time here for a look at something which has been getting a lot of
attention, and it’s this AI bill going through Parliament. As it stands, the bill gives AI developers permission to use copyrighted
material to train AI models unless the author opts out. A lot of authors are understandably objecting to this.
Here is my hot take: I think this will make little difference for two reasons: it will only be a minor obstacle for AI developers —
but the AI models they create are unlikely to be any threat to writers (no matter how much techbros claim otherwise). Here's
why:
Firstly, why would disallowing copyrighted material do little to stop Al models? Because it’s too easy to work around this.
There’s enough text out there on the internet that is out of copyright, or licensed to open source. For those that aren't, it
wouldn't be too difficult to get rights to it.

A modest payment to allow rights holders to allow material to be used for AI training

would be a decent incentive for people whose work isn’t making money, but still loose change for the money going into Al
development. Successful authors preventing AI training on their work will only be a minor obstacle in the grand scheme of
things.
But secondly: I am increasingly coming to the view that the threat from AI to writers is major overstated for one simple reason:
it’s not very good. It’s basically souped-up predictive text, capable of stringing together a series of words that resemble the
training data, but these AI models don’t understand any of the proper mechanics of storytelling, such as character development
or scene structure or story arcs or subplots. Neither is there any route to build in this capability from what we already have. The
one thing that might conceivably have been a threat is an aggressive marketing campaign normalising this dross. As | wrote last
year(https: / / chrisontheatre. wordpress.com /2024/03/01/should-we-really-be-worried-about-ai-in-the-arts /), artistic merit is
subjective, and it was just about conceivable that with enough uptake, you could have conditioned people to believe this dross
was more “professional”. But that was last year. The AI marketing people have since massively overplayed their hand, with
countless videos people produced of what’s supposed to be AI graphics outclassing what human artists can do — which have
been torn to shreds. Al-generated content is now synonymous with poor-quality mass-produced material, people are wising up
to spotting AI content, and writing off this material as soon as they work out what it is.
However, I still think think AI data training should be opt-in — if nothing else, it’s a matter of principle. There is a debate over
what’s copying existing work and what’s inspired by existing work, but in my opinion Al is very much in the copying category.
When AI content only has one source to go on, it gives itself away as to how much it rips off other people’s material. And if
these AI creators have to pay off artists to use their material — come on, they can afford it. It’s peanuts compared to the fortune
they spend on electricity.
Iam increasingly coming to the view that there is a massive crash of AI coming, ona

scale worse than the dotcom bubble. Which

these AI models are technically impressive, they have so far failed to produce anything of real practical use, with the best things
they’ve created being worse versions of existing automated processes. We keep hearing how AI is going to revolutionise
everything because a lot of people have invested a lot of money and they are doubling, tripling, quadrupling and quintupling
down on the hype. But no amount of hype is going to make people pay good money. At best, it’s a novelty which people
willingly use for free, but will ditch the moment you have to play for it.
So here is my firm call: writers have nothing to fear from AI. The only people who are going to be ruined from Al are the people
who sawa ticket to get rich quick. And, quite frankly, I’ll have trouble showing too much sympathy.
Footnote: There is one exception to this. If one strand of the arts does stand to lose out, it’s pop music — not so much from AI, but the increasing normalisation
of automated output as valid musical talent. Sadly, the rot has been setting long before the panic over AL, and when mass-produced music, flash-in-the-pan
singles and autotuning are treated as industry standard, it’s hard to see a way back. But that wasn’t the fault of AI, it was the fault of soulless marketing; Al
was just the final nail in the coffin.

Friday 9th May:

Okay, it’s the end of week 1, and we've got a lot of things going into the weekend.
Firstly, a small correction to yesterday’s review. If you liked the sound of menus 1 and 2 of The Big Bite-Size Breakfast Show,
you haven’t quite missed it. One final showing tomorrow (Sat 10th) at 10.00 a.m. for menu 1 and 11.30 for menu 2, both
Ironworks Studios. Menus 3 and 4 start next weekend.

One new shows starting this week in my bold choice is Dave Bibby’s Hasta La Vista Bibby. His last show, Baby Dinosaur, is a
hard act to follow, where an attempt to create a one-man Jurassic Park becomes a lovely celebration of how much he loves is
children. But here comes the follow-up with a similar treatment for Back to the Future. Hard to know how you can top the last

one, but we can be sure of lots of fun (and not embarrassing) audience participation that made the last one a treat. 3.00
tomorrow, Caxton Arms, another one in two weekends’ time.
Open Source Intelligence and Counterinsurgency for the Jobbing Hater concludes on Saturday, which seems to be doing well
with reviews. 5.00 p.m. today, 3.30 p.m tomorrow, both Rotunda.
As for the rest, I’ve got a lot of comedy pick for things I’ve enjoyed before, which are a mixture of shows I’ve hosted, comedians
that have been guests for me, and acts I’ve seen before. So to whizz through these: Spin-A-Play (Tomorrow and Sunday, 3.45
p.m., Rotunda), Will and Noah (That's Will from Will BE, tomorrow 4.00 p.m., Presuming Ed’s), Any Suggestion Improv with
Any Suggestions Doctor (tomorrow and Sunday 5.00 p.m., Artista) and Suggestions of the Unexpected (tomorrow and Sunday,
Actors, 9.00 p.m.), Crime Scene Improvisation (Sunday, 3.00 p.m., Komedia), Biscuit Barrel (tomorrow, 5.40 p.m.), Do the Thing:
Choose Your Own Musical (Friday — Sunday, 8.00 p.m.) and Alasdair Beckett-King: King of Crumbs (tonight, 8.15).

Thursday 8th May —- The Big Bite-Size Breakfast Show:
Bite-Size is possibly Brighton Fringe’s biggest single success story: a show that originated at Brighton, transferred to Edinburgh,
and went from pioneering the concept of breakfast theatre to being just about the biggest breakfast show anywhere on
Edinburgh Fringe. However, there was a price to be paid for the success: the work of preparing two fringes was just too much,
and Brighton Fringe lost out. And for just over a decade, there was little Brighton could do but look enviously northwards at
Bite Size going from strength to strength.
But wait! ... The Big Bite-Size Breakfast Show is back! And the reason this is possible is that founder Nick Brice has semi-retired
from directing the Brighton operations, handing it over to Pleasance to run directly — meaning he can turn attention back to
restarting an operation close to home with a parallel company. There was a first outing last September in Newhaven, a run at
Pleasance London last month, and now, the long-awaited return to Brighton Fringe.
We're getting ahead of ourselves though. Not everybody remembers what Bite-Size was the first time round, so far your benefit,
these are sets of ten-minute plays, five in an hour. There are different “menus”, the the case of Edinburgh three rotating sets for a
total of fifteen, but for this Brighton show, there’s four menus. Menus one and two have just been shown over this Bank Holiday
weekend, menus three and four are coming next.
As someone who remembers Bite-Size Brighton the first time round, there is very much a feeling of a reunion party to these. I
already knew most of the plays would be the classics that shot Bite-Size to fringe stardom (with an occasional entry from the
post-2020 lineup now running at Edinburgh). What I hadn’t realised, however, is that the line-up includes some of the original
actors from the early days. It’s a looser line-up than Edinburgh, where accommodation costs necessitate an ensemble of five and
a tight allocation of parts; here, it’s a more relaxed setting with ten mostly Brighton-based actors spread around the twenty
plays.

The unexpected success, though, is the audience numbers. Bite-size have successfully held on to some of their regulars from
over ten years, but the numbers I saw in the Ironworks on Monday vastly surpasses any audience I saw in Brighton from the
original runs. Either there has been some very good marketing done for the relaunch, or the reputation from Edinburgh from the
last decade has counted in relaunched Brighton’s favour, but whatever the reason, it’s worked. A new “standing” ticket has even
be created to accommodate the overspill.
Nick Brice has only directed some of the plays this time, with two new directors — Alexandra Worrall and Julian Howard
McDowell - sharing the workload. As such, I would have been forgiving if the rebuilt Brighton operation had been a bit rusty in
its first year — but, honestly, it’s like it never left. The only snag is that the foyer of Ironworks Studios — great though it was for
the traditional serving of coffee, croissant of strawberry — meant the bottom half of the stage was out of view to all but the front
couple of rows, but this was taken into account and the plays avoided anything too notable happening at floor level.
There’s still the menu 3 and 4 plays to go, so I'll hold off giving a run-down of plays until I’ve seen those. But in the meantime:
welcome back Bite Size. It’s great to have you home.

Wednesday 7th May:
But now, a pause in Brighton Fringe coverage for the news we've been waiting for from Edinburgh: we have the third and final
batch of registrations in time for the printed programme. 1,564 new registrations, bringing us up to 3,269. Very little movement
from last year, or the year before, or the year before. It seems that, no matter what gets thrown at the Edinburgh Fringe,
registrations stubbornly remain around the 3,200 mark. It would appear that the Oasis concerts in Edinburgh everyone was
worried about has not dented numbers.

Of course, the real question is why the numbers haven't gone down. Credit where it’s due, Edinburgh Fringe has worked hard
over the last two years to secure as much accommodation as they can, and if they’ve manage to offset all the pressures causes by
short-term let bans and stupidly-timed pop concerts, well done. But there is another possibility: accommodation has gone into
short supply, and the extra pressure from demand caused prices to go up — but acts went ahead anyway. By choice, maybe, but
there’s also the possibility of hundreds of acts feeling they have no choice but to stump up extra that they can’t really afford.
There is one other question: registration numbers may have gone unscathed, but what about audience numbers? Acts might put
up with piss-taking accommodation prices, but visitors certainly won’‘t. That’s something we won’t know until the fringe itself.
If ticket sales hold steady, there will be cause for relief. But if audiences are squeezed out and ticket sales plunge, there'll be hell
to pay.

For those wanting a bigger and better Edinburgh Fringe, a good news day. Whether it’s still good news by the end of this fringe
remains to be seen,

Tuesday 6th May, 10.30 p.m.:
And I’ve just left London on train #2. Time for one more update, and it’s time to address the elephant i the room. It cannot have
escaped many people’s attention now that Spiegeltent is not operating this year but “Spiegelgardens” is. It also is notable that
Spigeltent broke away from Brighton Fringe last year, but Spiegelgarden is registered with Brighton Fringe. What is going on?
I have now had a chance to ask around about this, and what seems to have happened is a lot more broing that I thought it might
be. But, in the interests of transparency, here’s what I was thinking at the time that got me nervous:
Last year, I hinted that there was something about the Brighton Fringe / Spiegeltent split I wasn’t telling you — and the reason I
wasn’t telling you is that it was a rumour that would have been explosive if it wasn’t true - even the mere mention of it could
have set everything kicking off. But now I think I’ve got nothing to lose by saying this: there was talk last year of Brighton &
Hove Council refusing to allowing hire of its grounds during may for pop-up venues not affiliating with Brighton Fringe. It is
not clear who, if anyone, was suggesting this - I have heard contradictory stories suggesting this idea came from the council or
Brighton Fringe. What seems certain is that nobody wanted to do this in 2024 - that, everybody agreed, would be unfair on acts
already booked with Spiegeltent.
Fast forward to 2025. Old Steine Gardens closes for rebuilding, therefore Spiegeltent won’t be running that year (and possibly
not 2026 either as the closure looks to be a long one). Except that this isn’t a complete deal-breaker. The Warren had a similar
setback in 2019 when the ground north of St. Peter’s Church was rebuilt, and they re-located to Victoria Gardens. One would
have thought Spiegeltent could have done something similar. Then Spigelgardens appears instead of Spiegeltent. “Whoa” I
think. “How come they’ve been given space for a pop-up venue but Spiegeltent hasn’t?”
Look a bit further: Spiegelgardens is being done by people involved in Spiegeltent, plus North Laine Brewery, who did the bars
at Spiegeltent. This was the absolutely explosive scenario | had in my mind: we had a breakaway of a breakaway. And if
Brighton City Council really was going through with this idea of refusing land for pop-up venues not registered with Brighton
Fringe, there was the brutal possibility that the Council had gone with the breakaway for this reason.
But ... having asked around, it now looks like what actually happened was much less dramatic. As far as I can tell, the reason
Spiegeltent hasn’t moved to another site is their own choice — they’d rather wait for rebuilding of Old Steine Gardens to be
completed than try to work with a different site. However, some people in Spiegeltent didn’t want to wait, and Spiegelgardens —
ina smaller spot on Victoria Gardens is an interim arrangement that apparently everybody is on board with.
I don’t know for certain that this is correct. But I hope it is. And I’d much rather it was this than the scenario I was worried
about. Maybe, just maybe, this is the first step on the end to the infighting that’s plagued Brighton Fringe for the last five years.

Tuesday 6th May, 8.00 p.m.:
And that’s it for visit one. Just left Brighton station for the trains home. That’s fourteen plays that were review requests.
However, owing to previously mentioned Rotunda embargo rules, there is only one outstanding review.
I might do a final post later tonight, but for now, I intend to lie back and relax — something I’ve not been able to do over the
previous four days.

Tuesday 6th May, 4.00 p.m. — Almost Famous:
‘This is one of the occasional reviews I do which comes with a spoiler alert. The Brighton run of this has already finished, but it is
still yet to run at Salford, Buxton and Edinburgh. If you are planning to see any of those, I recommend you watch it first and
read this later. Everyone else, read on.
Emily Benton is on the phone to her agent. Yet another celebrity has shuffled off the mortal coil, and so they’re quickly planning
a social media tribute together with an anecdote of the time they spent together. Failing that, make something up. She is
currently auditioning for a role ina devised theatre piece — even though the “A” would is demeaning. A star of her calibre
shouldn’t have to audition. But, hey, she accepts it. When you’ve been away in Hollywood and Broadway for so long, people in
the UK forget who you are. She gives her story of her rise to fame, from adopting her dead older sister’s identity to get into the
UK from Australia, navigating the seedy world of showbusiness as a teenage girl in the 1970s, and a rise to fame encompassing
pop songs and musicals, and a ten-year marriage to the man of her dreams she met on Broadway.
There’s just one problem: the entire story is a complete fantasy. In hindsight, one should have smelt a rat with a story clearly too
good to be true. It’s a very convenient fantasy, because this is the cover story she’s using to restart an acting career in her
seventies. Her real story begins with being taken advantage of, and though she eventually made it into a West End chorus, an
unplanned pregnancy puts a dampener on her career. More dead-end openings as she provides voice samples for some other
pop star’s single, struggles to find opportunities around bringing up a child — and, finally, a stop-gap job she took to pay the
bills becoming a permanent one.

Almost Famous is described as “for everyone who never made it ... however far they got”, and in this respect it says a lot. For
every success story like the one Emily imagined for herself, there are many disappointments like Emily’s real story. However,
the transition between the two stories felt a little bit forced. What makes Emily change her tune so suddenly? There is always the
question in monologues over who, if anyone, the narrator is talking to. Maybe if would make more sense if Emily gives her
fantasy story to someone who knows her well enough to not buy it, forcing her to finally come clean to someone. The side story
of her loverat husband also feels like it could offer more. He gets his comeuppance when his attempted reunion with her longlost song is exposed as a sham by the women he used and abandoned. Emily makes a big point of not seeking a route back into
fame as the mistreated wife — but surely some of the other women tried that. What happened to them? Did they find a way back
into fame, or did it backfire?

Good start for this new play though, and with NoLogo productions having shown themselves to be good at acting on feedback
and making plays better, a lot achieved so far and lot still to be tapped. The upcoming dates are Greater Manchester Fringe on
the 19th - 20th July, Buxton Fringe on the 21st — 22nd July, then Edinburgh Fringe on the 1st - 12th August.

Tuesday 6th May, 1.45 p.m.:
Before talking about anything too contentious, let’s start news with the one thing that everyone is celebrating: the return of the
paper programme.

Paper programmes disappeared across the fringes in 2020 and 2021, partly due to money, partly because there simply wasn’t
time to do a print run with programming at such short notice. But whilst other Covid-induced changes such as paperless
ticketing have stuck, the lack of a paper programme was less popular. It didn’t help that neither Edinburgh or Brighton Fringes
quite managed to work out website design that didn’t have usability problems, but which Edinburgh (and Buxton) reintroduced paper programmes in 2022, Brighton persisted without a paper programme, opting instead for a “daily diary” that
year, and nothing at all in 2023, for cost-saving reasons. One might have expected that Brighton — with it reputation of the most
environmentally-conscious host city - would have been the most enthusiastic for paper-saving, but this has gone on to be one of
the requested things to bring back.
Things have not quiet been still on the paper programming front. Somebody added a feature to Brighton Fringe’s website that
allowed an auto-generated PDF of the programme - the early version in 2023 was still too impractical to be useful, but by 2024 it
had been developed into something that resembled a traditional programme for anyone willing to print it out themselves. 2024
also saw a limited print run of these programmes for people who really really really can’t manage on the website. This template,
I suspect, has helped a lot for a 2025 programme, because the automatically generated PDF transforms a tedious and error-prone
manual process of laying out the content into a fast and easy task (admittedly not as space-efficient as the old manual process,
but a small price to pay). Whatever the reason, money has been found from somewhere to have a full print run of paper
programmes, and everyone’s happy.

There is, however, one annoying omission from the new-look programme: a daily diary. Apparently, there wasn’t enough space
for that with the number of entries — I’d have thought the obvious solution was to just print more pages, but perhaps the
sponsorship from UberEats wasn’t enough to cover that. I’m told you can get a daily diary emailed to you, but the process I
heard for getting this is long and confusing, and I can’t for the life of me find where this is written down. (I vaguely remember
an email about this, but I can’t find that either.) This is a bad habit I wish Brighton Fringe would get out of. Too often they
develop a useful feature for the website that would have a life a lot easier — but instead of telling anyone they’ve done it, they
leave it to you to stumble across it by accident. A little more communication would work wonders here.
But there’s no denying that the reintroduction of the paper programme is a useful thing to have, especially for those people who
never got the grips with Eventotron’s not-easiest-to-navigate interface. Will there be another? Brighton Fringe have certainly left
themselves room to manoeuvrer backwards if finances aren’t so kind next year, calling this a special “anniversary programme”
(but not the anniversary of when Brighton Fringe started, but when it became a separate organisation from Brighton Festival). I
guess a lot will depend on sponsorship next year. But with the paper programme return being so warmly received this year,
hopefully that will encourage sponsors for next year.

Tuesday 6th May, 12.00 noon — Becoming Maverick:
Heather Alexander has made a name for herself by getting under the skin of the characters she depicts. A lot of praise for being
Virginia Woolf and Miss Havisham, and this one follows in the footstep of the latter and gives a backstory to a villain - this time,
Mrs. Danvers in Rebecca, the fiercely loyal housekeeper to the first Mrs. De Winter. Unlike Havisham, however this story ends
many years before Rebecca begins. There is, however, still an answer to question: why did she turn bad?
In this backstory, Mrs. Danvers learns to be devious and cunning out of necessity. Found as a stowaway to a mother who did not
survive the journey, “Danny” (a nickname she gains later) spends most of her childhood in a brutal orphanage. Best friends to
the show-witted child she affectionately calls “jug”, when a minor prank is met with brutal revenge, a young Danny is forced to
flee, and a desperate attempt to bluff her way into service works when she finds favour of a young Rebecca.
There are little signs of the cruelty that both Rebecca de Winter and Mrs. Danvers are notorious for in the Daphne du Maurier
novel; in this story, Rebecca has her own problems with her dysfunctional family. There’s a father only keeps her out of
obligation, and a stepmother driven to drink who hosts endless parties. But there the seeds of what the two of them will become.
Rebecca is reckless and rebellious; Danny is only too happy to be her partner in crime. And there are the hints that Rebecca is
slowly showing signs of inheriting her the worst qualities of her family (both real and adoptive).
One detail might might not work with some more hardcore fans of the book is (unless I missed this) the apparent absence of Jack
Favell, the cousin of Rebecca, who goes on to be the number two villain in the book. But the clever conclusion to the story is to
finish the play the moment Danny and Rebecca plot — out of necessity — the hand of marriage of Maxim de Winter. We don’t
know the subsequent events that make the two women what they become — but there’s no doubt as to why Mrs. Danvers is so
fiercely protective of the first Mrs. De Winter. At stage, it can be summed up bya line in the play: “As a child you do as you’re
told, as a woman you do as you must.”

Tuesday 6th May, 11.00 a.m.:
And that’s the opening weekend done. And for a lot of us, that means we can have a rest. I’m returning to Durham tonight, and
will be using today to catch up on various things. First of all, a look at what’s coming up in week 1. As usual, mid-week of the
first week is a short list.
My absolute firm call is

C’Est Magnifique. This is cabaret rather than theatre, but so much care went into all the characters in the

settings of a 1920s Berlin nightclub. See the review for details of how this works (see 3rd May, 1.30 p.m.), or you can just go and
see for yourself. 7th May at Spiegelgardens this week, further performances at various dates throughout the fringe.
And starting on the 7th is Open Source Intelligence and Counterinsurgency for the Jobbing Hater, which is one of my wildcard
picks, because it’s a whole combination of different niche topics that is crazy enough to maybe work. “Open Source Intelligence”
is a practice of piecing together information available online, usually used in the context of internet sleuths verifying which side
ina military conflict is telling the truth — but in this case appears to be more about a bitter vendetta between two Asian women
going for the Asian part. Oh, and the concept of “The Asian part” is a bitter subject in itself - long story. You can see this from
tomorrow at 5.00 p.m. until Friday (last performance Sunday 3.30 p.m.)
Enjoy. Time for a review next, I think

Monday 5th May, 10.45 p.m.:
Phew. Wasn’t intending today be be a busy day, but I’ve ended up seeing six plays today: two Bite-Size menus, and then four
review requests for Rotunda plays I was able to handle together. A reminder that Rotunda reviews are embargoed until after the
fringe finishes, but I’ve definitely got a quiet day tomorrow, so Ill try to catch up on non-embargoed reviews and other news
tomorrow.

Looking ahead to Edinburgh, one bit of news I’ve only just picked up today. You remember when Oasis announced a reunion
gig in Edinburgh and everybody said what fucking stupid idea it was to do it in August? Well, by unpopular demand, ACDC
and Chappel Roan are now doing the same. Honestly, this is now getting ridiculous. Why so many people are hell-bent on piling
all Edinburgh events into one month is beyond me, but this is surely going to cause more problems for Edinburgh Fringe - even
if performers find somewhere to stay, this is surely going to threaten audience numbers if punters can’t afford to visit.
Speaking of which, we have the final printed programme batch of Edinburgh registrations announced on Thursday. Still unclear
either way what’s going to happen to that Fringe’s size in 2025, but we will know shortly.

Monday 5th May, 4.30 p.m. — Behemoth:
It truly pains me to say this — but I have no idea what Behemoth was supposed to be telling me. With Moon Cafe billed as a
company founded on the recognition of neurodiversity and a show that promised “blending circus with physical theatre and
personal storytelling”, I ought to have been well in the target audience. But if this was a statement about the duo’s lived
experiences of neurodiversity, or any of the other intersections of women and LGBTQIA+ folks, I’m none the wiser as to what it
was.

In the Big top of the circus yard, one woman (Maggie Rusak) begins talking about a litany of health concerns she kept taking to
her doctors until she was told she was a hypochondriac. Then she puts on a juggling display, gives another anecdote about
eating some out-of-date tofu in a midnight snack raid, and juggles some more. Then she leaves the stage and on comes Ivy
Blake. Now, one thing that did not help here was the booming thump of the fairground next door, making it hard to follow what
she was saying even with a microphone. From re-reading the press release, I think this might have been an intro to an occult
dance. She also does tightrope walking and sings passages from Kate Bush’s “running up the hill”. Then Maggie Rusak returns
for some more juggling. But what does this have to do with neurodiversity, personal storytelling or the lived experiences of the
intersections of women and LGBTQIA+ folks? Your guess is as good as mine.

The circus performances themselves look impressive enough, and whilst I’ll have to leave it to circus reviewers to say how this
compares to other circus acts, I have nothing to fault with that myself. This was billed as Circus, Dance and Physical Theatre, so
it’s perhaps not fair to mark to strictly on theatre criteria. You could have put on an equally impressive show with just the
juggling, dancing and tightrope walking, but I suspect Moon Cafe had something to say. Neurodiversity is just about the hardest
equality / diversity topic to cover because so many aspects fiendishly abstract to explain — but it can be done. Alternatively — and
this is generally a good idea for any abstract subject you want to put on stage — you have have different plot strands so that
audience members who fail to understand what you wanted to say can enjoy something on a different level.
I wish I could be more constructive here, but without understanding what Behemoth is supposed to achieve (or what this has to
do with the biblical demon mentioned in the Book of Job), I don’t know what the best thing is to do. It might be that if you don’t
get the circus element, you won't get the rest, and if circus is the target audience we can maybe leave it at that. But for a show
that asks in the press release “What the hell is my problem” — I’m no closer to an answer for you. Sorry.

Sunday 4th May, 11.00 p.m.:
Phew. I aim to not overstretch myself on show days, but I ended up doing my show, and then watching four shows back-to-back
at The Actors. So I won't be getting out any more reviews today.
One bit of non-fringe news that’s only a formality now but might have repercussions later. In my last Odds and Sods
(https: / /chrisontheatre. wordpress.com / 2025/04/24 / odds-and-sods-march-2025/) 1 gave my thoughts. You can check the link
for my caveats and disclaimers, but the important thing is that if (repeat, if) Russell Brand is guilty of the crimes he’s charged

with (as yet unclear which cases they are) — Russell Brand is a spent force, I’m a lot more interested in which film/TV
organisations were enabling it. First of all, however, there was the question of whether he'd actually stand trial. Would he really
be cowardly enough to stay in America and claim he’s a political refugee?
The answer is no, he has shown up — and only the most unhinged of Trump supports are trying to play the persecution card.
The next stage, I understand, is on May 30th. After that, brace yourself. If evidence emerges on who was complicit, things could
get very hairy very quickly.

Sunday 4th May, 3.00 p.m. — Mettle
Phew That's It’s Not Cluedo done for this week. Now I can give undivided attention to reviews.
First outright theatre review now. This is written and performed by Nicholas Collet, about his father’s experience fighting Uboats in World War Two. Much of the play covers two battles in the Atlantic in their full horrors — but Nicholas chooses to go for
more than that. Before we get to that, however, there’s a long story about how we came to know all of this. Like many of his
generation, his father Gordon just doesn’t talk about those days. Only in later years does he open up about what happened, and
even then it begin with an anecdote of how he got married a day late due to a mix-up that got him in the brig.
Iam glad he chose to make the play about more than the war stories, because the message about valuing the time you have with
older generations is a good one. However, the ways this is done, it comes at a cost. The story jumps back and forth in time, but
for the first half of the play the actual war years don’t feature. Whilst I can see the case for a play set in order of piecing the
events together, a play so heavily billed on the war experience leave you wanting to get on to that bit. If you are going to do the
jumping back and forth, I would have brought the actual war stuff a lot sooner. Whilst you might lose the effect of piecing
together a story, I think this would be offset by the contrast of the desperate moment in the North Atlantic with the normal life
that Gordon lived in the following decades.
The components of the story, however, are very effective. When we finally do get to the two key battles, if it gripping. It explains
with clarity what is going on and what the stakes are, whilst maintaining the tension of these battles. The style of storytelling
switches from a dramatised third-person from Nicholas, with passages as his father delivered as a matter-of-fact it’s-just-whatyou-did style. And the closing about valuing the time you had together was moving. Even though this play sometimes teeters
on the “get on with it” test, I’m glad I saw this. One final performance tonight at 9.30 p.m.

Saturday 3rd May, 8.00 p.m.:
Sorry, won't be doing any more reviews today. One showing of It’s Not Cluedo done, but boy, that was a marathon to get in order
— most exciting event being my contact lens unexpectedly splitting, forcing my into an hour-long round trip to retrieve my
glasses. As far as I know, there’s still a bit of contact lens in my eye.
However, I will share with you the number crunching I did last night. Lots of venues coming and going, but how are the
numbers doing? Here’s what I totted up:
Artista: 26

Half a camel: 151
Ironworks: 21
Komedia: 19

Laughing Horse: 162
Rotunda: 68

The Actors: 48
Circus Yard: 31
Lantern: 30

Spiegelgardens: 54

Lots of movement going on here, but the most notable one here has to be Half a Camel. We can maybe treat this as a second year
in operation, as there was a less visible banner encompassing five venues last year. Even so, to have come within 11 of the
leading venue in two years is a big deal. As far as I’m aware, both Laughing Horse and Half a Camel are close to “free fringe”
conditions, where there’s minimal tech support and acts making the best of what they have. With those two between them
accounting for more than the fully-equipped venues put together (Ironworks, Komedia, Actors, Circus Yard, Lantern and
Spiegelgarden), this is a big change from The Warren’s dominance with Bells and Whistles.

If you’re wondering, “SweetFest” — still outside of Brighton Fringe, has 19 acts if I’ve counted correctly. But don’t read too much
into that number, because Sweet Venues’ priorities are very different from the 2016-2019 era. Might come back to this later, but
basically, there’s nothing sensational about this.
Onwards. Checking out Circus Yard tonight. Possibly the riskiest bit of Brighton Fringe 2025. Will let you know.

Saturday 3rd May, 1.30 p.m. — C’est magnifique:
So I’m unusually starting reviews with a fun one, and this is mostly because — with few chances for me to review shows at
Spiegel venues — either or the tent or Gardens variety — I wanted to check this out.
The first thing that was obvious enough is that this was the ideal venue for the act. I know Spiegelgardens has followed in
Spiegeltent’s footsteps as a cabaret-heavy venue, but C’Est Magnifique is about as cabaret as can be, even modelled heavily on the
hedonistic cabaret club featured in the film Cabaret. This time, however, the Nazis don’t gatecrash and sing Tomorrow Belongs to
Me, and the ensemble of emcee, five more singers and two musicians get the full run to themselves.
lama

theatre reviewer and not a music reviewer. To me, the standard of musical performance looked top-notch, but I'll leave it

up to more clued up and pickier reviewers to say how this compared to other musical-centred acts. What I can do, however, is
comment on the theatrical set-up. It would have easy but underwhelming to make a 1920s German cabaret club the costume
theme but nothing else, but Chocolate Box Theatre has but the work in here. All the characters in this show are individuals, from
the waifs and strays who ended up in the show to the disgracefully ageing diva who'll never let the party end. And — crucially everyone stays in character throughout.
The songs are mostly drawn mostly from musicals (enough for the musicals-obsessed audience member next to me to sing all of
these) and also song pop songs, but whether it’s Gilbert and Sullivan or I Need a Hero, it’s always presented in a way that makes
it look like it was written for this show. The theme that does dominate the show, though, is the LGBT one. Brighton, of course,
has plenty of LGBT-themed shows, but what's particularly fitting about this one is that 1920s German cabaret really was the
place where LGBT people could be themselves. And, yeah, J Am What I Aim is one of the most over-used songs in fringes, but
song with conviction by the cross-dressing emcee it still has a lot of power.
I am obliged to report that on this first performance, the last third of the show was beset by multiple headset mikes cutting out.
As I’ve warned numerous times, headset mikes are notoriously unreliable — although I can’t see how this show could have
worked without. What it did show, however, is how well they responded to it. A lesser ensemble would have fallen apart under
something like this — but through a combination of batting on, a valiant fight by the techies and some improvised jokes about the
shape of the replacement microphones oo-er, they made it work. (Incidentally, that was the rudest joke in the show — quite
refreshing for a show leaning so heavily into sexual liberation and tolerance make so little use of toilet humour.)
I will leave it to cabaret reviewers to give a more authoritative verdict — and there’s only so far I can review this from a theatre
perspective without a plot — but I loved this. There are various dates for more performances coming up throughout the fringe,
with a final show back in their home of The Walrus for and end-of-fringe party. That looks like a wild party.

Saturday 3rd May, 11.45 a.m.:
I missed one. Bad Clowns (a madcap trio I finally caught up with at Edinburgh with Hostage) are doing a WIP of their new
possible regicide/succession-themed show Long Live the King at 9.00 today and tomorrow at The Actors. Before then Bad Clown
Member is doing his solo show Gumshoe and perfectly his New York PI hard-boiled dialogue at 6.00 p.m.

Friday 2nd May, 11.30 p.m.:

I have now been to my first two shows. I have my first picture of Spiegelgardens, but I currently can’t get pictures to or from my
camera and that might have to wait for tomorrow.
But I do leave you with news that The Lantern Theatre now has two spaces. Probably not too surprising, as they are currently
doing the best job of filling a Rialto-shaped hole.
First reviews tomorrow.

Friday 2nd May, 3.15 p.m.:

First sighting of this in the wild. Something that has not been seen for six years:

(https: /

/chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/wp-

content/up loads /2025/05/bafkreiarakmux630u7)x6zuayssrccumbr4crsque5kkb6enrtyfe35ufe.jpg)

Officially, this is an “anniversary special edition programme”, which is a good non-committal way of saying that there may or

may not be one next year depending on money. But the paper programme has been extraordinarily persistent when everything
else has been going paperless and digital. Buxton and Edinburgh both re-adopted paper programmes in 2022, with Edinburgh
being a particular surprise considering how expensive a run of that size must be. But there has been a lot of popular demand to
bring this back.
What is less clear is how this affect sales. We know that the Fringe website counts for a lot, because of the sheer number of sales

made that way even when direct sale from the venue is cheaper. But there’s no easy way of tracing who is making choices from
website and who is making choices from paper programmes. A lot of unknowns here, but for now, a small symbolic moment of
celebration.

Friday 2nd May, 10.30 a.m.:

One thing I’ll be doing throughout Brighton Fringe is keep track of things that are coming up shortly. But I’m going to bring a

couple forward because they start tomorrow. And they’re on same dates same venue, and just three hours apart.
So at 4.30 Sat/Sun at The Actors (or, for those of you who lost track of all these name changes years ago, The Marlborough), we
have Becoming Maverick, which is Heather Alexander’s latest play where she gets into the skin of a character. You may have
seen her before as Virginia Woolf for a near-verbatim A Room of One’s Own, and then as Mrs. Havisham for a more free-form
backstory of a tragic villian. Now we’ve got another villain from literature, Mrs. Denvers from Rebecca, tormertor-in-chief of the

second Mrs. De Winter. Then at 7.30, same days, same venues, we have NoLogo with Almost Famous. Writer Andy Mosely is
another heavily character-driven writer, and this character is Emily Benton: once a star who graced Hollywood and Broadway —
now lucky if she gets a part in some weird devised theatre piece.
Also starting tomorrow — not that this needs any help with publicity from me - is The Big Bite-Size Breakfast Show. Possibly

the most successful long-running Edinburgh Show to have originated at Brighton Fringe — but at the cost of having given
Brighton Fringe a miss for the last decade. But due to Pleasance taking over the Edinburgh side of operations, Brighton Fringe
Bite-Size is back. If you’re a long time Bite-Size fan, this is a return of all the classic 10-mintue plays that made their mark. If

you’re a recent fan, these are the plays that started it off. And if you’ve never heard of them — now is a good time to find out.
There are four “menus” with different sets of plays, and the first two are playing this bank holiday weekend. Menu 1 at 10.00
a.m., and menu 2 at 11.30 a.m., both running until Monday. Menus 3 and 4 are coming later.
Right, I’m at Three Bridges. See you soon.

Friday 2nd May, 6.45 a.m.:

Sorry, did I just say “5.45 a.m. Bugger. And I haven’t even left the flat yet.” I meant “Hooray, I’m on my to Brighton Fringe”.
Anyway, welcome to coverage of Brighton Fringe 2025. I have already begun coverage with recommendations of what to see,
which you can read at What's worth watching: Brighton Fringe 2025
(https: / /chrisontheatre. wordpress.com /2025/04/30/whats-worth-watching-brighton-fringe-2025/). Two safe choice already
added — bold choices, wildcards and comedy picks still to come.
Review will be posted here as they come, but as with last year, anything at the Rotunda will be embargoed until the end of the
fringe — because, once again, I’m performing there. I am now getting a lot of requests and it’s becoming a challenge to keep track
of everything. All review requests I received up to Saturday have been logged with an acknowledgement email sent out. If you
have not received an acknowledgement email, please inform me immediately as I may have lost yours in the paperwork.

Review requests received after that date, I am doing my best to accommodate.
There will also be coverage of how Brighton Fringe 2025 is working out. For the sixth year in a row, Brighton Fringe is very
different to last year, especially in terms of venues. But after the fiascos of the Warren’s implosion in 2022, the loss-making
Caravaseria in 2023 and breakaway Spielgeltent in 2024, there is a glimmer of hope that we’re taking the first steps back to
normality. Only vague evidence poiting in this direction so far, but I really hope I’m right.
By the time this coverage ends, we should have a better idea of what’s happening.

Friday 2nd May, 5.45 a.m.:

5.45 a.m. Bugger. And I haven’t even left the flat yet.

Ge Uncategorized
Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.

