CEO and Management Team Reports: March 2023
Introduction

Brighton Fringe 2023

We are now up to 706 completed registrations for 2023, which is on par with forecasts for the
year. As of 9 March, ticket sales stand at 5200 and just under £50,000 in revenue. The new
website has had some teething issues but a new version will be released early next week with
additional functionality added.
Outdoor venue planning
The new venue planning is proceeding at pace, with programming nearly complete, and

production planning, sponsorship, funding and income generation work ongoing. A new
company, Brighton Fringe Operations Ltd has been set up to administer the project.

As previously explained, the Pebble Trust have kindly agreed to advance a £200,000 loan to
help cash flow for the project, which requires repayment at the end of the season. If we are

unable to repay the loan or any portion of it, this may impact on the ability of the Pebble Trust
to further support Brighton Fringe from 2024 with their usual annual contribution of £80,000

per year. The effect of this could be severe, so | propose the establishment of a funding
development sub-committee of the Board to oversee a strategy to mitigate risks by sourcing
additional revenue streams for the organisation.
With regard to immediate funding, we have submitted a £30,000 application to ACE anda

further £30,000 and £50,000 application to DCMS (only one of which can be successful). It is
vital for the project that these land so we are relaying to ACE and BHCC the importance of their
respective success.

Ongoing matters relating to Adrian Bristow and Brighton Spiegeltent

After a slow start, the relationship between Brighton Fringe and Brighton Spiegeltent has been
cordial, with Izzy (Adrian’s daughter) attending. Jamie has met and corresponded with Adrian

several times since the last Board meeting. They are still struggling with regard to the budgets,
the site and Council licensing, but they have now programmed over 100 events, which is one
of their largest years so far. They have not formally confirmed that they are 100% proceeding,

but it is looking increasingly likely that they are.
They will be running their own box office but have agreed that at least 50% of tickets will be

allocated to Brighton Fringe. They have also agreed to pay registration fees up front.
With regard to the £30,000 loan from Brighton Fringe, due to their current financial
circumstances, they are unsure that it will be possible to repay for the time being. No date has
yet been set for this but we will review at the end of the season.
Finance

The Numbers Studio has now taken on the role as outsourced finance managers, and will be
supported by a Finance and Office Administrator, who will start at Brighton Fringe in the third
week of March. There have been some teething issues but once the change from Sage to Xero

is complete, we are hoping that processes will be significantly streamlined in terms of financial
management and reporting.

Participant Services Report

(Cameron Brown, Venues & Companies Manager)

Registrations

We had our ‘final’ registration deadline on 7 February, 632 events were finalised and went on
sale on 16 February. As of 9 March, we had 706 finalised events for 2023 so far. We’re still
open for event registrations and will list any latecomers on the website every Wednesday.

Type

2021

2022

2023

In Person

460

681

700

In Person with Live Streaming

3

6

n/a

Live Streamed

45

13

n/a

Pre-Recorded

122

25

4

TOTAL

630

725

704

Award winning events

73

69

58

International events

65

86

63

Comedy

185

243

317

Theatre

178

173

139

Music and Nightlife

53

70

65

Cabaret and Variety

60

48

63

Children and Young People

35

34

34

Circus, Dance and Physical

21

33

25

Workshops

24

30

7

Tours

15

19

16

Literature and Spoken Word

23

17

20

Exhibitions

14

16

13

Events and Films

22

10

5

VENUES

88

116

99

Venues minus ‘Meet:’ points

74

101

88

GENRES:

Theatre

Bursaries

This year we’ve provided the highest amount of bursary support to date. We’re supporting

over 50 events in partnership with various organisations. Lots of bursary providers have
returned but we’ve had some notable additions including Bird & Blend, Legal & General and
Brighton Lions.

Dutch Season
After much to-ing and fro-ing, we’re delighted to say that we’re inches away from having a
fully confirmed Dutch Season. We'll be bringing 4 Dutch companies to The Old Net Loft,

Caravanserai and One Church. These companies will each present 4 performances and a
workshop.

Board Observers
We’re delighted to welcome back Hattie Snooks to the Participant Observer role after their
successful re-election. This will be their second and final term in the position. We did not
receive any self-nominations for the venue observer role during the designated period, despite

continuous call-outs. Ben Carter of The Caxton Arms (and now Presuming Eds and The Snug)
submitted a late nomination and following meetings with Julian, he’s keen to step in to the

position. He’ll be taking over from JD Henshaw, who’s served the maximum limit of two
terms.

Fringe Academy

Fringe Academy has already hosted 7 workshops this season with over 140 participants
attending. We’ll be continuing our programme of workshops throughout the rest of the season
including collaborations with Spotlight, ITC and FringeReview. We'll also be returning to the

Ledward Centre to host weekly ‘Hub Hangouts’ networking sessions for Participants during
May.

Staffing
We’ve been rebuilding the Participant Services team and have a great team for the 2023
season. Maddie has been a fantastic addition to the department and has relieved some of the
admin work | was getting weighed down with at the end of last year. We’ve got Sarah starting

as the Participant Services Assistant and I’m confident they’ll do very well in the role.
Development Report

(Amy Keogh, Head of Operations & Development and Holly Alexander, Relationship Manager)

1.

Partners & Sponsorships 2023 | Target £30,000 (Current Sponsorship income
£39,850) Planning and executing the planned sponsorships outside of the new
venue.

2.

Jubilee Square | Set up on Location Live. Looking at the strategy behind 2023 and
using this resource more.

3.

New Venue Partners & Sponsors | Drinks Sponsors confirmed

4.

Bums on Seats | Update on new corporate partnership

PUBLIC FUNDING

Name

Amount

Project

Date

submitted
ACE

30k

Outdoor venue. Working with various people on

Feb 23

reworking the bid following feedback from ACE.

National

5k

Outdoor venue. Coronation event Grant

March 23

50k

Outdoor venue

Feb 23

30k

Outdoor venue

Feb 23

Lottery

DCMS

Growth
DCMS
Catalyst

TRUSTS AND FOUNDATIONS - to be applied in Jan and March 2023

Name

Amount

Project/ Core

Date submitted

Chalk

5000 — Project -

To be

Cliff

Fringe

Submitted

Trust

Academy

in March

Response date

The

Leche
Trust

2000

Project - Fringe

Academy

January

awaiting feedback

FRIENDS OF THE FRINGE

New scheme confirmed. Overview below of each tier:

Bronze 25

2 for 1 ticket offer on up to five participating shows (limited to two

tickets per show run)
E-newsletters throughout the year

Online listing as a supporter of Brighton Fringe
Monthly treat offer
Silver 35

No booking fees
Priority booking
2-for-1 ticket offer on up to ten participating shows (limited to two

tickets per show run)
E-newsletters throughout the year

Online listing as a supporter of Brighton Fringe
Monthly treat offer

10% off your food and drink bill at The Cleveland Arms
Gold 100

No booking fees
Priority booking
2 -for-1 ticket offer on up to twenty participating shows (limited

to four tickets per show run)
Online listing as a supporter of Brighton Fringe
VIP Invite to the Brighton Fringe Launch Party (plus 1 guest)
E-newsletters throughout the year
Monthly treat offer

10% off your food and drink bill at The Cleveland Arms
Komedia: Concession tickets to Down the Hatch Comedy (2nd
Sunday of the month) and The Nest Comedy (3rd Sunday of the
month)

Platinum

No booking fees

200

Priority booking
2-for-1 ticket offer on up to forty participating shows (limited to 8

tickets per show run)
E-newsletters throughout the year

Online listing as a supporter of Brighton Fringe
Monthly treat offer

Komedia: Concession tickets to Down the Hatch Comedy (2nd
Sunday of the month) and The Nest Comedy (3rd Sunday of the
month)

10% off your food and drink bill at The Cleveland Arms
10% Discount on your Hilton Room Bookings

SPONSORSHIPS AND PARTNERSHIPS 2023

Our spreadsheet to track potential Soonsors & Partners can be found here and an
overview of all partners and sponsors for 2023 is below.

MAIN UPDATES

-

Carlsberg: have signed the contract and money will be in our account imminently

-

Brothers Cider: Confirmed for 6K minimum with the hope of getting to 10k if they

see confirmed new accounts with their sales team and LWC. Contract being sent

this week (w/c 06/03)
-

Spirit Sponsor: we have decided to go with Pernod Ricard because they have the
best product range and offering the most for pouring fee (6K). We will now look at

engaging with their brand teams to book in activations. Contract being sent w/c

06/03
-

Bums on Seats: We have made the strategy and set up the booking process for the
corporate bookings. We have 91 bookable slots for the pods and 13 booking slots
for ‘Under the Archway’. With the plan now to reach our £50K target with the total

104 bookings. Reports of progress to be sent on Mondays w/c 20/03

|2023 | CONFIRMED SUPPORTERS

£

| Bird and Blend

£4,000

2023 | CONFIRMED FRINGE SPONSORS

£

Visit Brighton

£1,400

Legal & General

£6,500

Tysers - Encore Sponsorship

£3,250

Numbers Studio

£7,700

Pride Community Fund - PACE

£5,000

Uber Eats

£12,000

** Only confirmed Sponsors can go above - 2023 target to
get confirmed

Ledward Sentreors

39,850

LVV\

OCTSNFS

Beau Bars

POTS
| CONFIRIVED PARTNERS
ums on Seats
CONFIRMED CHARITY/ COMMUNITY PARTNERS
Martlets
BARCO

TogetherCo
Connected Brighton
sia

Buddies

for

Good

New Note Orchestra

M

Healt

Brighton Youth Centre
All Sorts Youth
Brighton's Woman Centre
Grace Eyre

Queenspark Books
Afrori
Amaze

SewFabulous
Pub in the park

Living Paintings

2023 | IN KIND PARTNERS
Gemini Print
Artist Open House

The Werks
Eventotron

GTR

Restaurants Brighton
Dab Apps

NEW VENUE SPONSORS/ PARTNERS
2023 | CONFIRMED/ HOT VENUE SPONSORS

£

Carlsberg

£40,000

Uber Eats

£13,000

Cider Sponsor - Brothers

£6,000

Craft Beer Sponsor - Abyss & UnBarred

£1,500

Spirit Soonsor - Hi-Spirits

£1,000

Spirit Soonsor - Pernod

£6,000

Wine Sponsor - Canvino

£1,500

Structured Communications

£2,500

TOTAL BF VENUE SPONSOR

|£71,500

Left to confirm:

2023 |

HOT VENUE SPONSORS

£

Co apt - TBC

£2,500

Woodfire Sussex Sponsor

£2,500

Launch Party Sponsor

£3,500

Awards Ceremony Sponsor

£3,500

Venue Perimeter Sponsor

£8,000

Community Stage Sponsor

£8,000

JUBILEE SQUARE

Set up on Location Live here (you need an account to see) -

https://app.locationlive.co.uk/search-

results Psearch=jubilee%20square
This will help us get more activations in the summer months and help with the limited
responses to prospect.

Jubilee Square overall needs more support and resources to really utilise its potential. We
are currently looking at how we can do this with limited budgets. Full booking breakdown
can be found here.

2022 total revenue
TOTAL FIRST YEAR
INCOME
(SEMPERIAN)

YEAR ONE TARGET

£15,000.00

SURPLUS

£9,600.00

Current 2023 confirmed revenue so far
TOTAL SECOND YEAR
INCOME

Marketing Report
(Rhiannon Lingwood, Marketing Manager)

The team
Our Marketing Coordinator, Alice, ultimately did not take up the role as she was offered

another role with a significantly higher salary.
With both the marketing team and participant services in need of support, we re-drew the job

specification to share responsibilities as a Participant Marketing Coordinator. The role will
support marketing with the sales and administration of participant marketing such as lamp
post boards, posters, digital advertising etc. whilst also supporting Cameron with participant
queries.

We have also recruited a new box office manager, Ben, who started in the role at the end of
November. He is currently working two days a week, with this increasing as we approach the

festival. He is settling in well and seems to be picking up information quickly.
Matt is still soending one day a week at his professional development course at MET College
and is enjoying and has commented several times it is improving his confidence at work.

What We’ve Been Working On...
Website
The first iteration of the new website is live. Unfortunately, we ran into a significant issue a

couple of days before the launch. Despite briefing the senior management at the web
developer about the Eventotron plug-in and its imperative importance it appears that this

message was not communicated with the team working on our project. Therefore, a couple of
days prior to launch we discovered that they had hard-coded elements of our website that we
were assured would not be hard-coded. | raised this issue with them immediately and they
have agreed to rectify this as soon as possible, hopefully before Christmas.
This was extremely disappointing and meant that we had to launch the What’s On page not in
the format we were hoping to. However, feedback so far has generally been positive and will
only improve with the changes made.

“Just wanted to say well done on getting the new site live! I'm having a quick look through
now and think it's looking fab!”
“The website works and looks so much better than last year”
Box Office System
With the new website, we have transitioned to a new box office system. There have been a

couple of teething issues, but we have been working closely with Chris who manages the
system and issues are being resolved quickly.
We are all getting used to the new system, but it is far more user-friendly and we are
confident that it will benefit the organisation, participants, and audiences overall.
Print Marketing
We will be producing an A2 fold to AS leaflet for Brighton Fringe 2023, with box office

information, access info, and other important bits of information with the inside being a map
showcasing our venues. We will print around 70,000 copies — with 20,000 to be dropped door

to door across Brighton and Hove.
Our out-of-home marketing package with Ground Up media has been signed off, with around
£5,000 in committed spending agreed.
Digital Marketing:
Email Marketing

Over the past ten years or so we have been offered a free email platform by Pure360 to
communicate with our audiences, participants, and venue managers.
In early November | was contacted by Pure360 to inform me they needed to bring this
agreement to a close, they have recently been bought out by a national company that is no
longer interested in such agreements. To continue the service, they originally started at
£2000 per month, which we managed to negotiate down to £300 per month. This is
unfortunately still too high, and we will be moving to an alternative supplier Octopus Email,
which costs £60 per month with a charity discount.

Frustratingly | have had to rejig my budget to afford this and sacrifice other aspects of digital
marketing we wanted to invest in.

Social Media
Our followers are dramatically increasing now that events are registering, and people are

starting to think about Brighton Fringe. Concerns remain around the future of Twitter; this is
our largest social media platform so it is of concern. Matt is focusing on producing more video
content for both Instagram and TikTok and increasing our followers there.

App

We have had to cancel our app contract for 2023 due to costs. | have discussed the possibility
of a re-direct with the app developers, but it looks like it will cost approximately £500-£1000
to get this implemented, which is money in the budget we do not have available.
We will continue to explore alternatives; | am in contact with a company based in Croydon to

see if they have a possible solution. Other alternatives we have looked at so far have been of
poor quality with a redirect to the website.

Press/PR
We will be taking on a journalism student from the University of Brighton to assist me with

maintaining our press lists and press coverage for the central festival this year.
My focus will be two-fold, gaining as much organic coverage for the festival as possible and
inviting as many members of the press to attend as possible to ensure coverage for
participants.

Looking Forward to Fringe

Over the next few weeks and months, things will start amping up for marketing.
e

Website amends before Christmas

e

Box Office Manager training ongoing

e

Participant Marketing Coordinator starting in the New Year

e

Next on sale 16 February

e

Completing OOH and print advertising requirements

Box Office Report
(Ben Pearson, Box Office Manager)
Been working on:
-

Friends of Fringe: working on the launch of the new scheme, currently in the

process of finalising the perks that we’re going to be offering, in anticipation of the
re-launch.
-

Hiring anew Assistant Box Office Manager and getting them caught up to speed

with the processes and how to use Eventotron
-

Updating and completing work rota for the festival, to decide budget for staffing costs

-

Regular upload of events that registered late to the website

-

Ongoing conversations with Chris at Eventotron to introduce new features and resolve

any bug issues
-

Monitoring emails for queries regarding ticketing and events

-

Actioning any and all change requests that are made via Eventotron

-

Proofing shows that have registered late so they can be ready for the weekly upload
onto the website, where they will be listed

-

Configuring and adding special tickets requested by participants to shows

-

Compiling ticket sales reports

-

Configuring sales reports for venue managers to track their allocations and income

-

Creation of user manuals for venue managers and participants for Eventotron

Testing and obtaining necessary technology for the box office (card payment
terminals, laptops, monitors, etc).

Staffing the pop up box office at the Ledward Centre

Work to be undertaken:
Final rota for the fringe and months running up to it

Budget sign off on the staffing requirements for the festival
Further promotion and marketing of the revamped Friends of Fringe scheme
Managing the “monthly treat” for members of the Friends of Fringe scheme
Training up of new Assistant Box Office Manager
Advertising other box office positions like supervisors and assistants

Sourcing of any other needed equipment for the box office
Setting up of the Caravanserai box office
Complete revamp of the Gradwell phone system to reroute the voice menus,
remove anything that is surplus to requirements, and generally streamline the
system

Continue providing feedback and ideas to Chris at Eventotron to improve services
further
Evaluate how 2023 Fringe went for the box office and how changes can be made for

the future

The Friends of Fringe scheme memberships are as follows (as of 07/03/2023):
Bronze: 513

Silver: 208

Gold: 2
Platinum: 2

Value of ticket sales per day
£6,000.00

+

£4,000.00 +

“|

£2,000.00 --

|

£0.00 -

Se
2022-12-01

——- “MAN
2023-01-01

2023-02-01

2023-03-01

Sold Date

Value of booking fees per day
£400.00 -

£200.00 -

'

£100.00 -

'

£300.00 -

£0.00 +
2022-12-01

2023-01-01

2023-02-01

2023-03-01

Sold Date

HR Report

(Amy Keogh, Head of Operations & Development)

Staffing
New Starters and promotions
Sarah French will be joining as Participants Services Assistant working alongside Cameron and Maddie.

Sarah is starting on 15th March 23 and is working three days per week.
Hannah Turk will be joining as Finance and Office Administrator. Hannah will be working with Julian

and me helping with the day to day finance tasks as well as looking after the office. She will be starting
on 20th March 23 and will be working three days per week.

Liz Markham will be joining as Assistant Box Office Manager and will be working alongside Ben to hire

and manage the new box office team that will be based at Caravanserai. Liz will be starting on 14th
March 23 and working two days to start with.

Resignations

No resignations!

Volunteer recruitment

We have started our internship recruitment particularly for the outdoor venue project. Three roles
have been decided on, they are as follows;
e

Venue Producer Assistant

e

Events Management placement for Fringe City Events

e

Events Management placement for Community Stage Events

We have approached Brighton’s music colleges BIMM and Waterbear who will be helping us to recruit
for this roles.

Freelancer and Contractors
All contractors that we have hired are working on the outdoor venue project.

Amy Greenwood has returned to Brighton Fringe as Production Coordinator working two days a week
supporting Molly in the Production department

Connor Lovejoy is Venue Production Manager working one day per week, dealing with all technical
elements of the venues, particularly lighting, truss and sound.

We are also in the process of contracting three Stage Managers.
Recruiting

Front of house Manager
Front of House Supervisors
Lighting Techs

Sound Techs
Swing Techs
Box office supervisors and cashiers
All of these roles will be advertised over the coming weeks.

Training

Department

Staff

Course

Facilitators

Cost

Marketing

Matt Evans

Graphic Design

| MET College

£1395

Course - 28th

Brighton

September

Management

Rhiannon

Anti-terrorism -

Lingwood

Postponed

Free

Amy Keogh

Management

Rhiannon

GDPR training

TBC

TBC

Lingwood

We are planning Mental Health First Aid for those in the office that would like take part in this course.

