iy; G ma il

Ben Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>

IOPC Reference: 2025/007816
lenquiries <enquiries@policeconduct.gov.uk>

19 August 2025 at 15:56

To: "benrobcarter@gmail.com" <benrobcarter@gmail.com>

Dear Ben,

Thank you for contacting the Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC). We acknowledge receipt of your emails dated 4
August 2025 and 14 August 2025. The case reference number is 2025/007816, which you should quote in all future
correspondence.

We are completely independent of the police service and are responsible for making sure that the police complaints system in
England and Wales works effectively and fairly.

| am sorry to hear of the difficulties you have been experiencing. You may find the Samaritans helpful in respect of the issues
you raise regarding how you have been feeling recently. Please find their details listed below.

Tel: 116 123 (free to call, any time of day or night)

Email: jo@samaritans.org

Web address: www.samaritans.org

In your email dated 4 August 2025, you again stated that you would like for the IOPC to take over Sussex Police’s Professional
Standards Department's (PSD) investigation into your complaint.

| can only reiterate what was previously explained to you in an email sent on 4 August 2025 by my colleague.

As previously mentioned, the complaints process is set out in legislation, covered by the Police Reform Act 2002 and the Police

Reform and Social Responsibility Act 2011. The IOPC must act according to its role as set out in this legislation. It cannot act
where the relevant authority to deal with a complaint is the police force. Under the terms of the legislation, the IOPC is required
to forward complaints to the appropriate authority for consideration.

To discuss your complaint against Sussex Police, you will need to contact their Professional Standards Department (PSD). The
PSD deal with complaints against the force in the first instance.

The PSD will make the assessment to determine whether a complaint hits the referral criteria. They will refer any complaint to
the IOPC which meets the mandatory referral criteria.

Acomplainant may have the right of review at the end of this process if they remain dissatisfied with the actions taken by the

PSD. The relevant body to deal with the review (either the local policing body or the I|OPC) is dependent upon the allegations
raised in the original complaint. The IOPC would be the relevant review body if the initial information provided, if proven, was
such that criminal or misconduct proceedings were justified.

At this stage, please continue to discuss your complaint with the PSD and/or Investigating Officer (10). Please see the contact
details for the PSD below.

Sussex Police Professional Standards
Malling House
Lewes

Sussex
BN7 2DZ

Tel: 101 or 01273 470 101

rp.

SUBAREA

OR Bee SER

wees

ene

eens

pte

OEr ey be re
ckeaw ricsiies ge dike
Email: SNPS
PSO RAPS
MairkGisussex
police. uk

Kind regards,

Gethin Tomlinson
Customer Contact Advisor
Independent Office for Police Conduct (IOPC)
PO Box 47

Sale
M33 OBW
Tel: 0300 020 0096
.

Email:

ancuiiasoniceconduct

aoy

1 (RU CUO GT GU,

1

"

lananar

Wet

emmedh

ast

uk

sneer the

Website: wany pohoscorduct goviuk
Twitter: @pokceconduct

We welcome correspondence in Welsh. We will respond to you in Welsh and this will not lead to delay.

Rydym yn croesawu gohebiaeth yn y Gymraeg. Byddwn yn ymateb i chi yn y Gymraeg ac ni fydd hyn yn arwain at oedi.
This message and its content may contain confidential, privileged or copyright information. They are intended solely for the use of the
intended recipient. If you received this message in error, you must not disclose, copy, distribute or take any action which relies on the
contents. Instead, please inform the sender and then permanently delete it. Any views or opinions expressed in this communication are

solely those of the author and do not necessarily represent the views of the IOPC. Only specified staff are authorised to make binding
agreements on behalf of the IOPC by email. The IOPC accepts no responsibility for unauthorised agreements reached with other
employees or agents. The IOPC cannot guarantee the security of this email or any attachments. While emails are regularly scanned, the
IOPC cannot take any liability for any virus that may be transmitted with the internet. The |OPC communication systems are monitored to
the extent permitted by law. Consequently, any email and or attachments may be read by monitoring staff.
Gall y neges hon a'i chynnwys gynnwys gwybodaeth gyfrinachol, freintiedig neu hawlfraint. Fe'u bwriedir at ddefnydd y derbynnydd
arfaethedig yn unig. Os derbynioch y neges hon mewn camgymeriad, mae'n rhaid i chi beidio a datgelu, copio, dosbarthu na chymryd
unrhyw gamau sy'n dibynnu ar y cynnwys. Yn hytrach, rhowch wybod i'r anfonwr ac yna diléwch ef yn barhaol. Mae unrhyw farn neu

safbwyntiau a fynegir yn y cyfathrebiad hwn yn eiddo i’r awdur yn unig ac nid ydynt 0 reidrwydd yn cynrychioli barn yr OPC. Dim ond staff
penodedig sydd wedi'u hawdurdodi i wneud cytundebau rhwymol ar ran yr |OPC trwy e-bost. Nid yw'r IOPC yn derbyn unrhyw gyfrifoldeb
am gytundebau anawdurdodedig y daethpwyd iddynt a gweithwyr neu asiantau eraill. Ni all yr |OPC warantu diogelwch yr e-bost hwn nac
unrhyw atodiadau. Tra bod negeseuon e-bost yn cael eu sganio’n rheolaidd, ni all yr OPC gymryd unrhyw gyfrifoldeb am unrhyw firws y
gellir ei drosglwyddo a’r rhyngrwyd. Mae systemau cyfathrebu’r |OPC yn cael eu monitro i’r graddau a ganiateir gan y gyfraith.
gall unrhyw e-bost a/neu atodiadau gael eu darllen gan staff monitro.

O ganlyniad,

