vy G ma il

Ben Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>

Fringe 24
2 messages
Duncan Lustig-Prean <chair@brightonfringe.org>

7 August 2023 at 13:40

To: Ben Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>

Dear Ben
| hope all is well.

As both a venue manager and their representative | wanted to let you know what changes we are

planning to make to the Venues Agreement and | also want to seek your help in your Board Observer
hat to expand our network of venues next year.
We are enhancing the venues agreement next year codifying the 15% discount for 15 or more
registrations and also increasing the allocation of tickets to 50/50 with the free inclusion of click
through button on Eventotron if the Fringe sells out.

One additional exciting benefit for venues and artists in the new agreement is our undertaking to
make the first 50% settlement payments after two weeks and weekly thereafter. The final 50% will be
paid within six weeks of the end of the Fringe but more likely within for which will be our aim. | am
sure that you will agree that this latter change is of enormous benefit to our artists and to venues for
their cashflow.
The change to 50% allocation was necessitated because one venue reneged on the ‘gentlemen's
agreement which has always previously worked well (and reciprocally) for all parties and declined on
most occasions to increase the allocation from 30% when we were sold out. This really hurt our
artists financially and such actions reduce Fringe income significantly and threaten our business
model. We could not allow this t0 become a precedent.
| attach below this email the text with changes highlighted.

While we are not yet certain it is likely that Spiegeltent will not take part in the Fringe next year.
Adrian has told a couple of the team that he will not be coming. It is also likely that we will not run

Caravanserai next year. While there are tentative ideas to bring in another venue run by Head First
Acrobats this will not compensate for the reduction in venue capacity such reductions will cause.
It would be very helpful if you could have a think about untapped venues in the city whom you or the
team could approach so that we can increase the number of venues and our offering for audiences.
We are a little too centred on a small area of the city. Are there some small venues, clubs, pubs,
studios who you think we or you can approach to bring into the Fringe? Do let me know what you

think.
Best wishes

Duncan

The following amendments are intended:
"Venues undertake:

To provide a minimum of 50% allocation of tickets to all performances of all events to the Brighton Fringe box
office, including concession-priced tickets. This includes all ticket types such as family tickets, personal assistant
ticket etc

Brighton Fringe undertakes:

To pay out final box office settlements no later than 6 weeks after the end of the festival.

Ben Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>

8 August 2023 at 15:11

To: Duncan Lustig-Prean <chair@brightonfringe.org>

Hey Duncan
| was speaking to julian about upstairs at bar broadway as i’m looking to run another couple of venues, julian said he knew
they were looking for someone to run it during the fringe and he could contact them to set up a meeting.
Unfortunately Julians left now, i don’t suppose you know the owner and could put me in touch?
I’m going to go out scouting some new places soon, i know for a fact the prestonville arms would be interested. It’s not one
i'd like to take on myself but it’s in the seven dials area.
| also had my eye on upstairs at the good companions, it’s a huge room.
Any chance i can get an email address @brightonfringe.org like everyone elses? | just think it has a bit more prestige and
maybe more chance of getting a reply when emailing venues
Thanks! Ben
[Quoted text hidden]

