=|
ah

OTTER) 35
& IS
THE MAR
——1 | PUCK ROCK COMEDY)

||

=

>
<

be
al D

4
r_|
ad

|}
C4
bs

el

<
C3

VENUES):
Lrs=") Fe | |THE MARIS & OTTER|/35

OF yh oO PUCK ROCK COMEDY) a
AMET

/QN

yan THE CAXTARMS
ON} =

big at

3 JOLLY BUTCHERS Hy

Lora op a | PRESUMING
ED) 5
2)
THE JOKER) 3

FOLLOW THEIGAMELIS

—_

—_

al

SHALFA CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF!A CAMEL)

<—_

Matt Lowes: In Your Endo

Anna Soden: It Comes Out Your Bum

Matt Lowes @ The Caxton Arms

Anna Soden @ The Caxton Arms

Matt Lowes is bringing his debut solo show In Your Endo to the Brighton Fringe . A stand up show about a man going from straight to gay and

Anna's brain is a bum - come see all the nice things that come out of it. British Comedy Guide winner and award nominated pantomime cow Anna

trying to fit in along the way, navigating his way through love, loss and lad culture. New Forest New Comedian Finalist, West End New Old Act of

Soden's madcap hour full of songs, revenge and talking out your ass. "Very Funny" - Harry Hill “Soden is superb and has a real gift for comedy"

the Year Finalist

British Theatre Guide. “Practically perfect in every way" - The Stage Komedia New Comedian Semi Finalist 2025. Featured on Absolute Radio,
BBC Upload, over 9 million views on Tiktok. Are you fun and cool and hot? You'll love this show. If you're not fun and cool and hot- get some self

Ticket price: £8 Conc: £5

confidence baby - | KNOW you are sexy-cool!! Come see the show okay <3

@matt.lowes

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £5 241 deals
Malt
2 Cet

@itsannasoden X @annaamabel J @annaamabel

Taz Long - GOLIATH
Taz Long @ The Caxton Arms

Brad Jon Kane: Please Slow Down (Work in Progress)
Brad Jon Kane @ The Caxton Arms

Taz Long is back for her second year at the fringe . Her new show ‘Goliath’ is an ode to all things so sad that they're funny . About the trials and

tribulations of being in your twenties , how she scrappily pulls through it all and the ridiculous things that happen along the way. Still fat, still sexy
and still rude as ever - she's here to ensure you get 60 minutes of the sort of laughter that either heals you or makes you need a new pair of pants .

j

Join her at the Caxton as she explores new topics and finds a new comedic voice .

Ticket price: Free Reserve A Ticket Using Link

=~

Be prepared to enter the surreal, silly and bizarre as alternative comedian Brad Jon Kane presents a character comedy show, where all the

dbase shomepowh
:

wet ed

characters have been politely asked to 'Please Slow Down’. "Very confident and ambitious. Truly alternative." - William Stone (Host, Live at the
Moth Club) "Truly unique and hysterical. ‘Please Slow Down' is the culmination of Brad's unwavering commitment to his initial plan,

OF PecAerTD,

demonstrating his determination and resilience in creating a distinct style and platform with limitless potential" - Half A Camel Productions

~~

@tazlong J* @tazlong24

\/

"Reminds me of Andy Kaufman" - Ominous audience member sitting at the back of the room. May God have mercy on your souls.

Ticket price: Free

Jordan Jones: A Street Mattress Named Desire (Work In

@bradjonkane

Progress)
Jordan Jones @ The Caxton Arms
iS

2014 was the second worst year of Jordan's life. He was working a dead-end job, his girlfriend left him, his band was breaking up, and he was still
living with his mum (and not in a smart, saving money way). Apparently, living on a council estate and working at Sainsburys part-time wasn't a

Synonym: over-emotional,
deranged

a
5". .

44

Y

+
t¢

ae
\

Questions
Sierra Callaghan in association with Panad Productions ® @ The

Starvation or displacement of

Caxton Arms

the uterus

suitable backup plan for a failed music career. Come and see Jordan Jones as he explores how he got into that mess in the first place, his
attempts to better himself by moving to Brighton, and when 2024 knocked 2014 off the top spot for the worst year of Jordan's life, how a serious
iliness put everything he learned to the test. Expect music, tales from working class suburbia, awful jobs, and overcoming the urge to forage for

Why hello children! This is your Governess and | am here to prepare you future duchesses for your wedding night with, your cousin, the Duke. | will

street furniture.

teach you everything you will need to know to be a good little wife (in keeping with the teachings of the church of England and our great British
empire of course). Join Callaghans Questions for a hilarious, historically and scientifically accurate exploration of all things sex. Including, but not

Ticket price: FREE

limited to the history of sex, gender, sexual pleasure, masturbation, homophobia, and more! Raises questions in a challenging and thoughtful way.

@jordanjonescomedy < @jordanjonescomedy

Definitely a show to see. - Edinburgh Fringe Festival 2024 (audience feedback)

Ticket price: £8 Conc: £6 214 deals

Gameshow Gameshow Gameshow
Wirelesstaco @ The Caxton Arms
rae 3 4.

-

“WOLY CRAP THES

This experienc

rey

@panadproductions d* @CallaghansQuestions

WAS FUND”

Crazy Stupid Funny

May 22nd 9:15pm, 23rd & 24th 10:30pm, May 25th 1:45pm, May 26th 5:30pm

“This show is

/
pank attack
_ Nve ever Sey

»

Hollywood Fringe Award winner! In Game Show! Game Show! Game Show! A chaotic host pits one side of the audience against the otherina

playorer
40;
Gamesinan _
“hour!

Me

bizarre and riveting showdown! Get on your feet and compete in over 40 games, from trivia and physical challenges to a custom built video game

ee

made just for this show — there's something for everyone. Games Build and Overlap until the show verges on Chaos. It's an electrifying hour of
unity, rivalry, and uproarious fun! Witness an unforgettable show hailed by one audience member as “One of the best shows I've ever seen!”

Ticket price: FREE

Jo Jarvie @ The Caxton Arms
"WATCH OUT FOR JO

JARVIE! SHE'S

FUNNY, FEARLESS
AND DONT GIVE A
*BEEP*=DAPPER
LAUGHS

After taking a 12 year break in comedy, Jo Jarvie is back with a vengeance! Award winning comedian, Jo has created funny anecdotes from what
she has learned over the past 12 years. From red carpets, mental illness, to being married and divorced, overcoming addiction and throwing kids
in to the mix. On what would have been her 10 year wedding anniversary, go on a hilarious journey to find out what you learn when it all goes
wrong.

@gameshowgameshowgameshow

One Thing After Another: Improv from Across Time
Date Night/ Play It Again

@ The Caxton Arms

@jojarviecomedy X @JoJarvieComedy ch @jojarviecomedy

Rory Marshall: Pathetic Little Characters (Work In Progress)
Rory Marshall @ The Caxton Arms

One Thing After Another: Improv from across time - a concise cabaret for fans of comedy, history and musical theatre. Join two of the most
exciting duos currently performing in the UK for an hour of entirely improvised hilarity! Autumn Unwin and Hannah Platts are Date Night: The
Improvised History of (Nearly) Everything. Date Night use “encyclopaedic” knowledge of the past to bring history to life, entirely made up on the

Rory Marshall has dug deep into his extremely sad and pathetic soul to create an hour of extremely sad and pathetic characters. He adamantly

spot. No scripts, no rehearsals, just two Best Improv Show nominees and a selection of anachronistic hats. Bring your favourite date and watch

claims that they're nothing like him at all, but you can be the judge of that. The debut show from South East Dartmoor's fifth-most promising

with delight as history is made (up)! Sam Marshall and Emily Brady are Play It Again. Play It Again are immortal lounge performers, cursed to

character comedian. As seen on Starstruck, Ellie& Natasia, Channel 4 and heard on Radio 4. "Rory Marshall is my absolute favourite" Lolly

provide light entertainment forever! Give them your sultry suggestions, they'll give you beautiful ballads and mesmerising musical pieces. Laugh

Adefope "Genuinely one of roughly five character comedians to come from South East Dartmoor" Rory Marshall

and sing along as these eternal entertainers play it again, and again, and again... Across an hour, these two acts will transport you across history

through the power of storytelling, songs, and suggestions from the audience.

Ticket price: £9 Conc: £7

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £5

@totallyrory

(0) @dateniahtprov

F A’ CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL c-

HALF A’ CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL

a

Ticket price: Free

WG I10H AE

\

Nae

pure unhinged

YY,

wv,

Y

#Hysteria: A History of Human Sexuality with Callaghans

a

—

A

se

CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAME

a

A CAME L HALF A'CAMEL
AMELHALF A‘CAMEL HALF

HALF

fa

NY JH EY a1UH NaN 1d

>

SHALF A’ CAMEL HALF A‘CAMEL HALF ACAMEL|§
Harun Musho'd: A History Of The Last Conservative

Charlotte Madden & Piran Armes: Mid

Ob aC

Government, In Their Own Stupid Words

Charlotte Madden & Piran Armes @ The Caxton Arms

i re
rte

May 3rd 5:30pm, 10th 5:45pm and 11th 5:30pm

Harun Musho'd @ The Caxton Arms

Join rising comedy stars, Piran and Charlotte, as they explore being proper grown-ups (ish). Middle class, middle of the road, mid-quality humans

but still devastatingly exciting. Charlotte is wise and frivolous. A Brighton cliche - child-free, animal obsessed, has secular candles. She grew-up

Harun Musho”d has read the memoirs of David Cameron, Theresa May, Liz Truss, Nadine Dorries, Matt Hancock and Boris Johnson, so you don't

in the countryside with a devilishly complex family. Charlotte's got her shit together, life's testing her, but she’s riding the rollercoaster, and laughing

have to. He will read out the worst parts of those memoirs, and fact check them. You will then laugh at how stupid these people are. That's the

about it along the way. Piran is a born and bred Brightonian with a daft outlook on life, he’s never quite seemed to fit in. He has an odd name, a job

show. It’s the worst idea for a show that Harun has ever had because, to research the show, he had to read the memoirs of David Cameron,

nobody understands and now he's reflecting on how his upbringing led him to the quirky character he seems to have landed himself as. A new

Theresa May, Liz Truss, Nadine Dorries, Matt Hancock and Boris Johnson. Funny, but it's also something of a public service - Lancaster Guardian

stand-up comedy show from two Brighton-dwelling friends having a lot of fun working out what's going on, or not.

*& *& & & - \f you get a chance to see this and miss it then you are a fool! - Radio Faversham, * *%& %& %& %& -Excellent show. Sharp and witty

Ticket price: Free

comedy.- Fringe Review

@madden_charlotte @piranarmes

Ticket price: £6 Conc: £4

@harunmushod X @harunmushod
FINAUST

WESTEND

<=

NEW ACT OF THE YEAR

Isabelle Glinn @ The Caxton Arms

oO)

Shalaka Kurup @ The Caxton Arms

A surreal musical comedy show about competitive figure skating. From the five star award winning shows ‘CSI: Crime Scene Improvisation’ and

“an impressive
COMEDY

lof

cool,

tardonk stand-up”

oo0ag

CHORTLE

ONE

Shalaka has a mental disorder, but which one? A work-in-progress for her debut hour, this is a show about a comedian in therapy. Revolutionary!

‘Notflix the Improvised Musical’ Isabelle Glinn presents a new solo show entirely On Ice. “Over-confident in her sporting abilities” - Broadway

World %& & & &

Join Shalaka in herjourney to convince her therapist that she needs a diagnosis (any will do) so that she can be content. Or better yet, interestinc
About Shalaka: A doctor by education and a comedian by choice, Shalaka has shot onto the UK circuit receiving numerous awards, winning Wes

End New Act of the Year, runner up Brighton Komedia New Act of the year and second runner up Leicester Mercury Comedian of the Year. As

seen on BBC One, Comedy Central Live and Channel 4 Digital. "An impressive arsenal of cool, sardonic stand-up"- Chortle "Deadpan joy"-

Ticket price: £5 (PWYW) 241 deals
@isabelleglinn

James Walsh

An Evening with The Gallaghers

Ticket price: £3

Jonny Brick @ The Caxton Arms

@shalakakurup X @shalakakurup dc‘ @shalakakurup
HALE

A

CAMEL

PROOUCTIONS

»RESENT

Couch to 10 Minutes
Paul Haines @ The Caxton Arms

ee)

le
i aur:
oO)

<

4 new comedians embark on the ultimate new near resolution - to get a 10 minute set of stand up comedy ready in time for the Brighton Fringe.
Will they do it? Will people laugh? There is only one way to find out. George Harvey as MC and a special guest comedian too!

Following shows about Bob Dylan, Garth Brooks, George Michael and Robbie Williams, | grab a guitar and busk the Gallagher brothers’

Songbook, mixing in factoids, hidden gems and, this year, a lyrics quiz too!

Ticket price: £5

Rosie James: Town Crier (Work In Progress)

[el ape Le

Rosie James @ The Caxton Arms

nee F
Der oa

Ticket price: Free

@couchto10minutes

A

.

: ’

-

PLEASANCE RESERVE

Ora

Isabelle Glinn On Ice

Shalaka Kurup: Work in Progress

SEAN LOCK AWARD

\/

Rosie James follows a sell-out Brighton Fringe 2024 split bill (‘Rosie & Steph Are Alive’ with Steph Cassin) with her first Work in Progress solo
stand-up hour. Rosie's sunny disposition is somewhat undermined bya lifelong identity crisis, a nagging sense of existential dread... and quite a

Spuds: Tattiest in Business

Obie frit

lot of crying. Her original comedic style mixes offoeat observations and personal revelations with simmering emotional undercurrents, smart
punchlines and big laughs. “Probably the funniest stand-up that I've ever seen. About town criers, that is. | heard a rumour she’s gonna lean more

Spuds @ The Caxton Arms

rie

heavily on that bit in her 2025 show, and add more stuff about how she cries a lot, and call it Town Crier. If true, that’s genius. And if not true, she

can read this and do the idea anyway now, so either way it'll be a brilliant and probably award-worthy show” — Anonymous comedy fan, 2024

“Rosie hasa real gift for turning tears into laughter — and vice versa” — Rosie's family

Dave and Greg: two clueless Potatoes have found themselves in command of a teleshopping channel. Catch these manic man-child tatties:
selling bizarre goods, fighting, schmoozing with the shoppers, and navigating a precarious existence. This interactive show is a surreal
rollercoaster ride into couch capitalism and the starchy mentalists behind it. These budding spuds will win your heart, steal your dog, and maybe

Ticket price: Free
+ Comet
Hell

@rosiejamesie c* @rosiejamesie

sell it back to you.

Ed Mulvey: Pregnant Gollum

Ticket price: Free

@tatties_on_tour

Ed Mulvey @ The Caxton Arms

Lance Mao: Chinese P€pp@ P!g

As the beer belly two fists itself out of control, Ed Mulvey faces his greatest challenge, maintaining a slender frame with distinctive podge

Lance Mao @ The Caxton Arms

throughout this years' festivals. But what is Ed pregnant with? Congratulations, its an hour of irrelevant social commentary and dick jokes.
Described as having “well-spoken awkward charm” (Entertainment Now) and a “first-rate joke writer” (The Scotsman), Ed will delight and upset

May 4th 4:15pm, 11th, 18th and 25th 5:30pm

with an evening of tummy-tumingly good standup. Next wave feminist nerd comedy from the Elon Musk of emotions.

Lance spent the first half of his life in Hungary, and the second half in the UK. He’s never fit in and it had finally caught up with him.

One day he hasa vision of a pig with main character energy who escapes captivity and embarks on a life-changing adventure in
search of meaning. Step into the dark fever dream of a Chinese immigrant in this candid, auto-biographical stand-up show about

Ticket price: £7 (PWYW)

@mulveyed X @edward_mulvey

racism, mental health, facing your fears, and what it means to be human. NOT FOR KIDS OR FARM ANIMALS Get-Up Stand Up

Y,

Z\

HALF A CAMEL HALF A‘CAMELHALF|A CAMEL)

in

co

—

A

a.

~/

V

—

WY S1U0H nu SND JH nt SW a10H SY,CE

——

-

A CAME L HALF A'CAMEL
HALF A CAMEL HALF A‘ CAMEL HALF

——

New Comedian of the Year 2024 Finalist - “One of the most honest pieces of comedy I've seen" (Audience review) “Devastatingly
funny" (Audience review) “He needs a real therapist" (Aldi cashier)

Ticket price: FREE (PWYW)

@lancemao_ dt @lancemao

ag

HALF A’ CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL

Te

May 24th 6:45pm and 25th 9:15pm

From Cruise Ships to the comedy stage, Dewi brings his priceless stories and journey to us. He always tries to find the funny side of life.

eae

“Hello, and welcome to this non copyrighted, nondescript life SIMulator game. Press shift, alt, C to begin...” Join Curly as they play the game of life,
levelling up in love, work and community, and along the way, attempt to answer life's big questions such as: “Can they tell I'm not really speaking in

Hilariously relatable, Dewi reels you in with tales of balancing life with work.

tongues?” "Does she look too much like me to be my girlfriend?" and "Is it all pointless?" Play along to laugh, cry, and feel sexually confused by
this new genre-bending musical comedy.

Ticket price: Donations

Ticket price: Free

@dewicomedy

@curly_curly_curly_ d* @ curly_curly_curly_
Touching it Makes Baby Jesus Cry: The Musical
Jonathan McLean @ The Caxton Arms

Rohan Sharma: Mad Dog

OFAC)

Rohan Sharma @ The Caxton Arms

Tie

hy

)

Hear ye, sinners and celestial cowards: Pope Eutuchianus has ripped a hole through TIME and GOOD TASTE to bless your stains and shame

your faces. He’s got a mandate from God and a groin to prove it. SINNERS ONLY Jonathan McLean shreds open the pearly gates with a Fringe
debut so shameless, so queer, so spiritually irresponsible it can only be called a Cock Opera: “COME" FOR: An unlicensed exorcism with music

Rohan Sharma is a British/Indian comedian who is/isn't bringing his debut hour about his harrowing/comfortable upbringing to the Fringe this

breaks. Does punching nuns void your baptism? How hard must you flog yourself before the Holy Ghost calls you daddy? EXTRA DATE ADDED

year. He will talk about how he’s faced racism/no racism and he will criticise/champion Britain and its checkered/flawless history, all through the

Due To A Severe Anticipated Unnatural Event For Which One Human Is Held Responsible Congregation commences at 4:15PM —Come in the

lens of

flesh. You will be TAKEN TO HEAVEN (for an Hour)

champion presents his hotly-anticipated debut in this fast-paced, multimedia odyssey. Come see truth become lies, lies become truth, and the

aman who's brain has been nourished/corroded by the modem world. The reigning Leicester Square New Comedian of the Year

dog become mad. BBC New Comedy Nominee 2024. Had the crowd roaring... ingenious - Beyond theJoke Very surreal and very funny VoiceMag Brought the Crowd to Hysterics - The Tab

@diehard_diesharder

-

—

Ticket price: Free

Ticket price: Free

@sharmycomedy

Rumourville: Improvised Comedy

oa lel

Rumourville @ The Caxton Arms

jeer :

Hasta La Vista, Bibby! (Work In Progress)

a

Dave Bibby @ The Caxton Arms

el

elie

ts

lbitr-s

RUMOURVILLE: Have You Heard the Gossip? The improvised story of a small town where a rumour ruins all: romance, reputation, and petty
revenge!

Dave Bibby, 'madcap musical-character-sketch comedy pioneer’ (BroadwayWorld), is trapped in his latest comedy show and he needs to get

Ticket price: £8 (PWYW)

gonna see some serious sh*t. Winner of the prestigious Amused Moose Edinburgh Comedy Award. WINNER: Amused Moose Edinburgh Award

BACK TO THE FUTURE. Packed with songs, sketches and *ahem* multi award-winning stand-up. When this Bibby hits 88 miles per hour, you're

@rumourvilleimprov @jamesarnott_ @laurencooney_ @samuelcatling @joshweller

WINNER: Online Comedian of the Year, WINNER: Musical Comedy Awards Audience Favourite, WINNER: SOLO Festival Best Male Act,
FINALIST: British Comedy Guide Pro Comedian of the Year, FINALIST: Leicester Square Theatre Sketch Off! Truly sums up the fun that a Fringe

@joshualangley

show should be - Broadway World, %& %& %& %& %& - May just be the best one-man show | have ever seen- Theatre & Tonic, & & *& *& *& Reminiscent of Harry Hill - Three Weeks, %& %& % % As seen on Channel 4, BBC Radio 4, Comedy Central, Amazon Prime, Hulu, and Britain's Got

Oops my neurodiversity is showing!
Queerlysh @ The Caxton Arms

Talent! Work-in-progress but could still be fun?

Ticket price: £6 Conc: £5 241 deals Pre book or PWYW on the door.

V

@dave.bibby XK @DaveBibby cot @DaveBibby
Queerlysh Productions presents: Oops, My Neurodiversity ls Showing!? In Oops, My Neurodiversity Is Showing}, real-life moments shared by
LGBT+ and neurodiverse storytellers spark bold, hilarious improvised scenes. Expect chaotic joy, spontaneous comedy, and heartwarming stories

that celebrate the beauty of what makes us different. Queen Queerlysh wowed me with her unrivalled fire. She's magical!- Natalie Nascenzi,

Hate Mail
The Impish Scribe @ The Caxton Arms

Author of The Aftermath of Unrest, *%& %&% % % Comedy with tremulous reality makes for a wholesomely enjoyable performance.- Nampuri, JA
theatre, %& %& %& %& %& Queen Queerlysh flies the flag for LGBT+ issues, educating and entertaining. - Yasser Kayani, Comedian & Sketch Off!

~/

London 2025 Quarter-Finalist, %& %& *%& & &

Journalism was a witness to history, a byword for truth, diligence and justice. Now it's gawping a post-truth, clickbait car crash. Impish knows,
because that's her background. But how did we get there? A place where facts are relative, hate is currency, and consent is for cookies.

@queen_queerlysh cf @ginnye_p

James Downey: Can't Sit Downey!

Investigative journalism's been reduced to people trawling the net to help themselves to whatever's trending, a stolen showcase to help boost

outrage and traffic. The race to the bottom is a sprint. We're all masters of misinformation — left reeling from the personal spin on personal
branding. A true twenty first century tale of good vs evil. Find out how it ends.

Ticket price: £5 Conc: £3.50

@theimpishscribe ¢* @theimpishscribe

James Downey @ The Caxton Arms

Jake Baker: My Jakey Bakey Heart (Work In Progress)
Crowd Work, comedy and Music! James Downey debuts the fringe with an upbeat musical comedy tracing an emo's journey from the streets of
LIVE AT
“THE CAXTON ARMS’

Jake Baker @ The Caxton Arms

West Belfast, to the world stage. The show depicts explores themes of nationality, love and rebellion, peppered with Downey's love of song

SAT MAY 24TH, 2025

writing, from emo music to trad and irish folk music. The Channel 4 Sean Lock Award-winner assembles his new Work in Progress show before

your very eyes. “Constantly surprising, laugh out loud funny” (Harry Hill), “He has a great comic presence, disarming silliness, an oddball charm,
and a brilliant unexpected turn of phrase. Eric has funny bones” (Bill Bailey)

A

DOORS: SPH

Jake brings a brand-new show for 2025 to Brighton. Last year, his show ‘Rule Breaker!’ was described as a heady blend of the whimsical with the
political. This year he looks to perfect that cocktail with an extra measure of gags, a liberal splash of wit and a soupcon of daftness — all shaken

and served over ice in a stylish, albeit rather impractical, glass. (Endearingly offbeat, great comic timing and an engagingly whimsical mind

Ticket price: £5

@ericrushton96

HALF A’ CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL

WY S1U0H RE

Ticket price: Free

%& & & & — The Edinburgh Reporter) (Erudite, thoughtful and very funny — The List) (Quietly impressive, a talent that shouldn't be overlooked —
Chortle)

Ticket price: Free
@Jake_the_Bake

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL

Y,

Z\

Curly @ The Caxton Arms

£

ue

Gist,

co

Dewi Thomas @ The Caxton Arms

C U Later, Simulator

A

A Bit Of This A Bit Of That

NY JH nt SW a10H SY,CE

part

-

HALF A CAMEL HALF A‘ CAMELi HALF A’ CAME L HALF A'CAMEL

SHALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALFA’CAMEL) ‘SHALF A‘CAMEL HALF A ‘CAME HALFA CAMEL)

HALFA CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF. CAMEL

Caroline Madds: Buzzin’ (WIP)

TRACE
;

\

A

Rn
Be)

I

|

:

Tracey Davies & Donna Williams @ The Caxton Arms

May 24th, 25th and June 1st 3pm

Bloor

Tracey Davies is too tall, has teenage twins, and terrible taste in music. She brings plenty of divorcée energy to the stage with tales of pelvic floors,

dodgy ear candles off a man wearing a wolf fleece In a Morrisons carpark? Award-entering comedian Caroline Madds (A clear comic talent,

midlife dating and her extensive sex education courtesy of Jilly Cooper. Barnsley’s own Donna Williams reflects on what it was like being a lesbian

Beyond the Joke) had her silence taken by tinnitus, so she took her cochlear into her own hands. With chaotic results. A rising comedy star,

inthe '90s compared to today, as well as navigating life as a northerner down south. Both Williams and Davies were semi-finalists at So You Think

Finalist in So You Think You're Funny? Award, Bath New Act of the Year & New Act of the Year, and Funny Women Semi-Finalist

You're Funny 2024 performing at the Edinburgh Fringe. Williams was alsoa finalist at Komedia's New Comedian of the Year Award 2025.

Ticket price: Free

@donnawilliamscomedy

@carolinecomedy

MAGIC & SEX (Work in Progress)

Alpha Petals

Kathryn Haywood @ The Caxton Arms

Oro Rose and Craig Donaghy @ The Caxton Arms

Kathryn Haywood returns after the sell-out, five-star run of her Offie-nominated debut show Yoga & Sex...For Women (Over 40): “Sheer delight...

Oro Rose and Craig Donaghy present - Alpha Petals. A showcase of Brighton's newest queer (gay) and queer (weird) stand-up comics. Join us

In her brand new show, Magic & Sex, Kath has decided to delve into the art of illusion and becomea fully-fledged magician. She will astound with

Craig were semi-finalists for Komedia’s New Comedy Award, 2025.

her command of a deck of cards, she will baffle with her feats of mentalism, she will confuse with what she keeps under her hat. She can read

your mind before you can say Hey Presto, and produce the two of clubs before you can say Abra-Kath-Dabra! Trust me, you've never seen magic

Ticket price: Free

done quite like this and chances are you never will again. Come and see the hottest new conjuror on the block and leave with your head spinning

@oro.comedy @craigdonaghystuff

and your stomach chuming. But in a good way...probably could have worded that better. Oh... and sex. Non-stop hilarity - The Reviews Hub,

*& & & & & Pure, wholesome comedy with heart. - Stagey Reviews, %& % %& %& % A masterclass in character-led comedy - LondorTheatre’,
kk kk

Lucas Jefcoate - Work in Progres

Ticket price: £10 Conc: £8 241 deals

Lucas Jefcoate @ The Caxton Arms

@kathrynhaywoodryan X @KathrynHaywod1 ¢c* @kathyogasm
Lucas Jefcoate looks like someone's aunt. He's got feminine wrists, an affinity for cardigans and jokes that will make you say, ‘He was raised by

Bermuda Rhombus

women’. This Brighton Fringe Festival Lucas will be bringing his over 2 years experience as a comedian and 23 years experience as a person to
the stage. Lucas has competed as a comic all over the nation in several new act competitions. Whether it's down south in Brighton's ‘Komedia

Ben O'sullivan @ The Caxton Arms

New Act Competition’ or further north, reaching the finals of ‘Southport’s New Comedian Competition’ Lucas has garnered a reputation as a
May 4th 5:30pm, 11th and 25th 6:45pm and May 30th 9:15pm

promising new, young act. Or you might recognise Lucas from his viral online sketches or be one of his over 20 thousand followers than

contributed to his over 25 million view count! So come see the boy wonder for yourself! Laugh and learn about how hard it is growing up in a

Ben O'Sullivan is an offbeat comedian whose style is as silly as it is deadpan. Think of him as a deflating bouncy castle (colourful, whimsical, and

loving middle class family. Chuckle in relief at Lucas’ dating life and think ‘Maybe | am doing pretty well for myself’.

only slightly full of hot air). When Ben turned 30 last year, he decided to celebrate by doing the coolest thing he could imagine: getting his ear

pierced. But then he started asking himself the big question everyone asks when they reach their 30s: Am | a narcissist? Or is it just the piercing?

Ticket price: £3

Bermuda Rhombus is an exploration of this internal need for attention. Ben's musings on the subject cover a lot of ground: from trying to find out

@lucasjefcoate XK @lucasjefcoate d* @lucasjefcoate

why mirrors were invented to questioning if the Great Fire of London was, in fact, bad. Ultimately, Ben will answer the most important question of
our time: Is everything about him? Through Ben's surreal and silly comedic lens, you'll see your own impulses for attention and validation reflectec

Carl Carzana THE Comedian

al
Le iar

Carl Carzana @ The Caxton Arms

ptr

back at you - and you'll laugh at just how absurd it all is.

Ticket price: £5 (PWYW) 241 deals

May 15th, 16th and 17th 6:45pm

Ope

3

@benosullivancomedy

1440, the invention of the printing press. 1969, the moon landing. 2016, Carl Carzana's first gig. Carl Carzana is an award winning comedian,

Semifinalist in the Musical Comedy Awards, Runner up in the Bath New Comedian of the Year and Winner of the Carl Carzana of the Year

Comedy Competition Grand Final. He's also worked in writers rooms for BBC Radio 4 loads of times. Also he’s never had a bad gig. In short, Car!

THE

Firsr COmr a

FOL YounG pp MEHT

ee

Student Kitchen Comedy Showcase
Osman Shibli @ The Caxton Arms

reo
OE
ae ;
elaine:

Carzana is the greatest comedian that ever lived, now he’s making sure everyone knows it. Join Carl as he takes you through the highs and highs
of his glittering career in comedy to date and finally reveals the story of how he became the greatest comedian that ever lived. ‘Carl Carzana

The best comedy show for young people by young people is coming to Brighton! Get ready to NOT hear about divorce and back pain and see

literally can’t lose’ - Chortle.

young comedians do their best comedy! At Student Kitchen Comedy, we believe being young is a state of mind, so even if you squint at your

Ticket price: £5 Conc: £3 241 deals

screen and only use your index finger to tap on your phone, come on down and enjoy the show!! Closing the shows are our two resident young

@carlcarzanathecomedian ra) @carlcarzanacomedian

people Osman Shibli and Bella Cagnoli. Osman is a British-Pakistani comedian that has quickly become an act to look out for. His unique brand of

dry but quirky wit and relaxing presence makes him a crowd favourite. He was a finalist in the Komedia New Comedian Awards 2023 and
Hastings New Comedian 2023 - “...laidback ease on stage" - Chortle - Bella is a bubbly comedian based in London and Manchester. Known for

Eric Rushton - Work In Progress

her chaotic anecdotal style, she talks about being Gen Z, her Italian heritage and also her gap year. She's also a BTF World Series Semi Finalist. -

“hot mess" - Comedian

e

Eric Rushton @ The Caxton Arms

A

Sf

QUEER GAY) + QUEEA (WEIRD) STAND -WP COMICS

non-stop hilarity” Reviews Hub; “Excellent to watch... maestro of the side-eye” Chortle; “A masterclass in character-led comedy” LondonTheatre1

wrestling with the big questions - is it gay to be butch? What does it mean to be Alpha? And why are we so worried about everything? Oro and

v,

A SHOWLASE OF BRIGHTON’S NEWEST

0t

What does it means if the only house you've put a deposit on is a small glass of house white, you've reached the max of TK Maxx & bought some

Ticket price: Free (Ticketed)

ORO ROSE & CRAIG DONAGHY PRESENT

ae

Ticket price: £6, £4 conc
The Channel 4 Sean Lock Award-winner assembles his new Work in Progress show before your very eyes. “Constantly surprising, laugh out loud

@studentkitchencomedyclub XK @studentkitchencomedy

funny” (Harry Hill), “He has a great comic presence, disarming silliness, an oddball charm, and a brilliant unexpected turn of phrase. Eric has funny
bones” (Bill Bailey)

YY,

ZN

Che soa

WG, I10H AE

Caroline Madds @ The Caxton Arms

vr

=~
~~

\/

Y

wv,

if

Not So Mellow Birds

Art

a

oO.
.

.Y,

or

NY JH nl SW
0 a1UH nt SING),Ud1U

PEI
Oe

a

HALF A‘CAMEL HALF A‘CAMEL HALFA CAMEL HALF ‘CAMEL

S HALF A’ CAMEL HALF A‘ CAMEL HALFACAMEL|—

Ticket price: £9

@ericrushton96 d* @ericrushton96

a ij

HALF A’ CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL ©;

HALF A’ CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL

Faversham Fringe, ‘SUPERMARKETISM!’ is back with a trolley full of laughs. An absurd dance & gospel music themed dark comedy, that
ventures deep into the peculiarities of the British supermarket. Think late-night-supermakets, intergalactic subway sandwiches, vegan cheese,

and the dark reality of meal deals. Touring Music & sketch comedy duo Dom Virgo & Matt Dearlove perform a host of larger-than-life character

sketches and belting soulful music that tackle the supermarket from multiple angles with religious-like fervour, reflecting the current pitfalls and

SHOWCASE

a)

7

Following the sell-out shows in 2024, Ali Jay is bringing a new crop of LGBTQ+ stand-up comics to Brighton Fringe. Come along and meet

tomorrow's stars, including the Komedia New Act of the Year 2025 Winner Sydney May. Plus, all the way from Whitley Bay Katie Sheninmai

Ticket price: Free

@alijaycomedy

insanity of modern day living. Comparisons drawn by audience reviews have ranged from: Flight of the Concords, The Mighty Boosh, Meatloaf &
Brian Eno.

Ticket price: FREE

@total_cosmisch

Dirty Old Women

elie

Jenny Simanowitz and Kathy Tanner @ The Caxton Arms

[Fao

May 13th and 14th 8pm
Tall Tales for All Men @ The Caxton Arms

Tony Sheppard @ The Caxton Arms

ares)

hy: :

Ble ror
Tall Tales For All Men is a captivating spoken word theatre show by performance poet Tony Curry. Through a mix of poignant storytelling and

poetry —at times accompanied by his acoustic guitar—Tony brings to life the joys and struggles of growing up in 1970s Crawley, Sussex. The
youngest of four brothers, born to an English father and South African mother, he shares tales filled with warmth, humour, and love. Yet, beneath

Rese

Straight from the lusty theatres of Vienna. Dirty Old Women is an autobiographically based one-act play with elements of Cab.
and Sitcom. Two women in their early seventies decide to try their luck on a sex-positive dating site. Their aim is not to find life
partners, but rather to enjoy some entertainment with perhaps a smattering of erotic in their “golden years” Jenny Simanowitz

(“Wild Granny Jenny”) and Kathy Tanner (English Lovers) are friends and accomplices. The piece grew out of their real-life

experiences. “When you*re old, you've got nothing more to lose” says Jenny. Kathy agrees. The openness with which they
approach their encounters leads to stories which are hilarious, crazy...and sometimes deeply moving.

Ticket price: £12 Conc: £9 241 deals

the laughter, there's deep reflection, as Tony opens up about the premature loss of both his father and brother. Beyond being a poet, musician, and
writer, Tony also works to support men’s well-being—an ethos woven into the heart of this show. Raw, heartfelt, and deeply human, Tall Tales For

@simanowitzjenny

All Men is more than a performance—it’s a space for connection and healing.

Ticket price: £10 Conc: £5 241 deals
@tonysheppard86

Carl Carzana THE Comedian
Carl Carzana @ The Caxton Arms

Touching it Makes Baby Jesus Cry: The Musical

May 15th, 16th and 17th 6:45pm

Jonathan McLean @ The Caxton Arms

1440, the invention of the printing press. 1969, the moon landing. 2016, Carl Carzana's first gig. Carl Carzana is an award winr

May 2nd and 16th 5:30pm and May 30th 8pm

comedian, Semifinalist in the Musical Comedy Awards, Runner up in the Bath New Comedian of the Year and Winner of the Ca

Pope Eutuchianus is here to sanctify your nocturnal pollution and denounce your nether norms! Travelling the ages on a mission from god to
answer the burning questions: Should bishop bashing and sister slugging stamp a one way ticket to the down below? How much self flagellation

would dry the saviours' tears? And how hard? And since when did the Pope have a chronically crotch-bound weeb for a sidekick? Jonathan
McLean's fringe debut is a shamelessly queer, disgracefully honest and exhaustingly inventive comedy ‘Cock Opera’ with self indulgent guitar
solos, a one-man choir, sexy drumming, numerous sins of the flesh and occasionally even an actual point. ‘Come’ for the Lo Fi lowdown on the

Carzana of the Year Comedy Competition Grand Final. He’s also worked in writers rooms for BBC Radio 4 loads of times. Also
never had a bad gig. In short, Carl Carzana is the greatest comedian that ever lived, now he’s making sure everyone knows it. .

Carl as he takes you through the highs and highs of his glittering career in comedy to date and finally reveals the story of how
became the greatest comedian that ever lived. ‘Carl Carzana literally can’t lose’ - Chortle.

Ticket price: £5 Conc: £3 241 deals

low five, stay for the praying away the gay! Disclaimer: Performer is not responsible for any spiritual and/ or sexual awakenings experienced during

@carlcarzanathecomedian ¢/ @carlcarzanacomedian

the show. 2nd Disclaimer: Show liable to becoming substantially weirder than described.

Ticket price: Free
@diehard_diesharder

Lance Mao: Asian First Dates
Lance Mao @ The Caxton Arms

Two Beards & A Brummie

May 3rd, 18th and 25th 4:15pm abd June 1st 5:30pm

Geordie Geoff

@ The Caxton Arms
He is 32, single, and lives with his Chinese immigrant mother. Sounds like a catch? Then join Lance on his quest to find ‘The One'

Two Beards & A Brummie is a fast-paced, no-holds-barred hour of comedy that takes you on a rollercoaster through the highs and lows of life on

during (yes, DURING) this raw, heartfelt stand-up hour about the struggles of a first-generation Chinese immigrant family and first

stage for men with beards and men from Birmingham. Packed with sharp wit, unexpected twists, and relentless laughs, this is not for the faint-

dates. Lance has always dreamed of a fairy tale love story. He's 5' 11" and owns a leather jacket. Then why is he still single?

hearted. Strap in, hold tight, and get ready; comedy has never been this funny!

Culture clash? Stereotypes? Personality? Unrealistic standards? 32 reasons why he's still single at 32. A candid, confessional
rollercoaster ride into the Chinese immigrant experience. Backyard Knockout Winner - Get-Up Stand Up New Comedian of the

Ticket price: £6

Year 2024 Finalist - “Like the ERAS Tour without the music" (Himself) - “Devastatingly funny" (Audience review) “One of the most
honest pieces of comedy I've seen" (Audience review) "What kind of a man defames his family" (His mother)

@Geoff_Stand_Up

Ticket price: FREE (PWYW)

@lancemao_ ¢* @lancemao

a

aisle and funnier than an unhelpful checkout assistant!" Following successful runs at Brighton Fringe 2024, Leicester Comedy Festival 2025,

COMEDY

:

A

SUPERMARKETISM! brings musical comedy & supermarket madness to Brighton Fringe 2025. "A comedy show that’s fresher than the organic

Ali Jay @ The Caxton Arms

=|

vy

A

QUEER

y,

Total Cosmisch @ The Caxton Arms

[ali if 40)

A

The Queer Comedy Showcase

Total Cosmisch: Supermarketism

~

WG J10H L SW JH a8 a10H nt SW),Ey

A

AS

“/

V

j=

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMELHALF A CAMEL?

ww

\/

~

a

A CAME L HALF A'CAMEL
HALF A CAMEL HALF A‘ CAME F HALF

SHALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A’CAMEL)§

age

HALF
A‘ CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL &

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL

bid

rs

Daisy M Stone: Well, this is sketchy

Anna Hale: Control Freak (Work In Progress)

we

- HALF
A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

rine

Anna Hale @ PUCK Rock Comedy

Daisy M Stone @ PUCK Rock Comedy

Ewch ot

May 31st 8:45pm

Ee

‘Daisy M Stone: Well, this is sketchy is a cocktail of comedy monologues, poetry, and sketches all shakeninto a one-woman show. Amongst a

Li.

ol

Introducing Anna Hale: comedian, singer-songwriter, control freak. She’s written the jokes and the music and the lyrics. She's rigged the lights and

myriad of characters, Daisy would like to introduce you to a 7yr old Cowboy Pirate, several awkward teenagers, the housemate who teaches you

sold the tickets, designed the costume and run the sound check. She's even shown you
to your seat. Of course she doesn’t need help. But what

that sieving tuna is wrong, the performer of Shakespeare's missing Ode, and Cassie the reporter from beyond the grave. From nostalgia to

happens to acontrol freak when her world is out of control? She's got sixty minutes to solve every problem in her life. Sounds easy. The real

embarrassment, and from grief to the ridiculous, Daisy presents the chaos in being

ahuman woman.

challenge
is doing it without letting anyone else have a go. With a bunch of hilarious original songs, “natural charisma” (Beyond The Joke) and

“undeniable vocal pyrotechnics” (Chortle), this glitzy debut from the 2024 Musical Comedy Awards ‘Audience Favourite’ and runner-up promises

i
=

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £4 241 deals

ariotous comedic journey through the manically organised mind of one of the country's fastest rising musical comedy stars.

@da isy mstone

Ticket price: Free

@allhaleanna ¢/ @allhaleanna

cil

Mat Smith and Kieran Carr Spilt Bill

lad

a

Sam Joseph's Extended Comedy Booby Trap! @ Puck Rock

OF

Comedy

ra ft

Sam Joseph @ PUCK

fe

Mat Smith & Kieran Carr @ PUCK Rock Comedy
|

Rock Comedy

:

May 10th 1:45pm

ge

Mat Smith (as heard on BBC, Komedia New Comedian 2024 semi-finalist) and Kieran Carr (2023 NZ Comedy Guild Awards) have jokes and

May 4th 3:45pm

they have
to share them. Jointwo comedy mates who both look 35 (but are not) as they work out a mix of new material and old ‘classics’ and
decide if they ever want to sharea show again. Kieran has been a standup for three years, working in the UK and in New Zealand. He was a staple

>

Ls

—

Sam Joseph delivers his Virtual Reality "Extended Comedy Booby Trap” as a live show. Find out what folks have been splitting their sides to

on the Auckland scene there, winning an award at the 2023 NZ Comedy Guild Awards. Since returning, he performs around the country at Glee

around the world! “Superb” - Pete Dickenson (Scriptwriter and Movie Maker) "Very creative” - George Tothill (Chortle Student Comedy Award

Club Birmingham, West End

Finalist 2021) “Strangely watchable” - Gordana Micié (Groovie Comedy) "Like a geek, grown up” - Markus Birdman (Britain's Got Talent Finalist)

2022, and has had material featured on BBC Radio 4 and BBC Scotland. Described as “precise, direct and unwavering” Mat has performed at Hot

Ticket price: £5 Conc: £3 241 deals

Water, Komedia, The Bill Murray, Backyard. He's also a bad bisexual with a black belt in judo but no driver's license. Certainly doing something

Comedy Club, Backyard Comedy Club, and last year’s Edinburgh Fringe. Mat has been performing comedy since

Li.

wall

BUBBLES. Spacial Boy.

cS
ale
wl

Projekt Antihero

@ PUCK Rock Comedy

Bubbles needs to get his shit together before heviolates probation and they put him away for good.A one person show about struggling to

.

.

.

4

@proj ektantihero J @p ws ektantihero
=

RHODRI BURIRICK: RY. YO.)
Y CoNtRiBuTiOn tO;ThE/ArTs
2
Ro
aS

tis
=

os

Tall Tales For All Men is a captivating spoken word theatre show by performance poet Tony Curry. Through a mix of poignant storytelling and
poetry —at times accompanied by his acoustic guitar—Tony brings to life the joys and struggles of growing up in 1970s Crawley, Sussex. The

youngest of four brothers, born to an English father and South African mother, he shares tales filled with warmth, humour, and love. Yet, beneath

Rhodri Buttrick: mY CoNtRiBuTiOn tO ThE ArTs

= “i

writer, Tony also works to support men’s well-being—an ethos woven into the heart of this show. Raw, heartfelt, and deeply human, Tall Tales For

:
:
Rhodri Buttrick

a
a:
rae

All Men is more than a performance—it's a space for connection and healing.

@ PUCK Rock Comedy

pokes

May 3rd 2:30PM and 7:30pm, May 4th 2:30pm and 6:15pm

other stuff... Worth every penny the arts council have thrown at him (£5.50), this is his much needed Contribution to The Arts. Make sure to

a

F
;

the laughter, there's deep reflection, as Tony opens up about the premature loss of both his father and brother. Beyond being a poet, musician, and

in

Las

Tony Sheppa rd @ PU CK Rock Comedy

.

4. CHANCES TO SEE THE SAME SHOW OVER 2 DAYS. Not to be missed!! Rhodri Buttrick is a product of the garishly colourful 90s, shaped and

te
ae
mal

ei y -_

Ae

'
.

ee
ore

Ss ) ‘

Ticket p price: £5 Conc: £2

2.
had

@thatmatsmith @kieran.carr_
Tall Tales for All Men @ PUCK Rock Comedy

lal

os

a

battered by decay and ruin of the last two decades. Expecta tale of dyslexia, Bodger and Badger, the radio industry, Welsh heritage and some

tee a seat

guaran

Ticket

price:

Free Entry

Se pene ee eny

Ticket price: £10 Conc: £5 241 deals

@tonysheppard86
.

—

Qu

3

PWYW aft

os

/,

© AF

Sal

.

HM

-:

‘

Q u i rk

dna

~

S

. .

y

Rich Wilson, James Redmond, Belle Emilie Gold, Ben Pope and Jack

few Henison
@ PUCK Rock Comedy

@thisisrhodders
Decaf Double Espresso - Work in Progress
Marina Smith and Gen Sing er @ PUCK Rock Comedy

{s)

10]
:

tee
oe .

,

yy = f

MC: Rich Wilson - One of the most in demand MC’s on Britain’s comedy circuit. Leicester Best Show 2024 Nominee. James Redmond is dry, slick
.

and subtle stand up who delivers unexpected twists and turns during his set as he deconstructs his art Belle Emilie Gold - Dubbed “The female

Stephen Wright” and "Best New Comedianin the U.K.” by Mock The Week's Adam Bloom, Belle Emilie Gold is a surreal one-liner comedian, fast
making a name for herself on the professional circuit. “brimming with creativity.” Julia Chamberlain of Gilded Balloon Ben Pope (24th & 25th
ONLY) is a stand-up comedian, writer and comedy performer, gigging across the UK. Ben has written for The News Quiz (BBC Radio 4) and has

Oat-milk-loving comedy hotshots Gen and Marina bring their signature blend of sharp observations, warm stage presence, and alternative edge

appeared on Achievement Unlocked (Comedy Central), Comedy Guide to Life (Dave) and BBC New Comedy Award on Radio 4 Jack Henison- If

to the Brighton Fringe. As it says onthe spare mug in the office kitchen, “Don’t talk to me until I've had my debut stand-up split bill comedy show

youlike jokes about music, clothes & talking animals delivered in a self-deprecating manner by a man with Peter Pan syndrome then you're in

from Gen Singer (So You Think You're Funny Semi-Finalist 2024) and Marina Smith (Leicester Comedy Festival Circuit Breaker 2025), which is

good company.

very funny and makes you goha haha but also sometimes hmm that is so true actually”

Ticket price: £7.50
Ticket price: FREE
@gensingercomedy @marinasmithcomedy

Le

ell

se
aie

page

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL FE)

|HALF
A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

EW) 0 SIGH TAWNY 8 IVE TaN YU 1H TaN 0 WH

zal HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL)

bl

rs

= HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAM EL

Josh Invain: Affirmation (Work In Progress)

Songs for the 2020's

Josh Invain @ PUCK Rock Comedy

Majk Stokes @ PUCK Rock Comedy

i

Ee
le

ol

i
=
cil

May 9th 6:15pm, 10th 2:30pm and 6:15pm and May 11th 2:30pm

Let's face it, the 2020's started badly. Have they improved? Join comedy singer-songwriter and poet Majk Stokes*, once described as “Bill

Leicester Square New Comedian of the Year Semi Finalist 2024 and Soho Theatre Labs Alumni Josh Invain brings the work in progress of their
debut show “Affirmation” to Brighton Fringe. They think the show is an exploration of identity and how sometimes the only way to affirm who you

Bailey's good-looking younger brother’ as he explores some of the issues that face us all today, including social media, computers, coffee,

are
is by getting the help
of

relationships, the environment and being stuck in a phone queue, and finds the funny side. (There is one, honest.) Warning: may contain politics

aroomof strangers.

"Musical comedy genius” - audience member "Comedy singer-songwriter extraordinaire” - audience member "The gentlest hour
of left-wing

Ticket price: £5 Conc: FREE

politics you're likely to find at the Fringe” - audience member “Very entertaining, even with doom-laden material” - audience member “it's

pronounced "Mike"

@boredxcore

Ticket price: £8 (PWYW)

Becky Fury: British-ish

@majkstokes X @MajkStokes

@ PUCK Rock Comedy

Becky Fury @ PUCK Rock Comedy

lad

s

Trance-Head Trev, Dial-Up The 90's, Right Here, Right Now
Becky Fury - “Finest sticks of comedy dynamite to be found forlove or a suggested donation” Scotsgay Award winning Becky Fury uses her

ee

serious and seriously silly effort to redefine Britishness, British historical figures and what makes Britain great. Colonialism is also discussed as

La

moments come from Becky's honest insight and story telling skills; discussing her experiences dealing with casual and not so casual rascism.

—
bin

wall

ae
ake
wml
a

p=

Lad

mentions his love for Emmerdale Farm NOT Emmerdale! Join Trev as he re re winds back to the Bang’in 90's YEAH!

free-thinking stuff from a confident and articulate comedian - On The Mic, %& %& %& ¥& The ‘confession’ about her colonial Indian family was as

Ticket price: FREE

edgy and endearing. One to watch. - Lancaster Gaurdian, & *& *& & &

@farleytrev
Ticket price: Donations

@becky_fury X @beckyfury dt @becky_fury

Everybody's Dating Ollie
Ollie

@ PUCK Rock Comedy

May 23rd, 24th, 25th, 27th, 28th, 30th, 31st and June 1st 7:30pm

Hello there! Do you fancy Ollie? It's not a requirement to enjoy the show, but it certainly helps. "Everybody's Dating Ollie” is Ollie's debut solo

show and their first attempt at dating an entire audience. That's right—sit back, relax, and enjoy the show as you all go on adate with Ollie’ You'll
learn about their sexual orientation, relationships, and take a sharp look at the dating patterns we all easily fall into. Expect a showcase of Ollie's

hobbies, including singing, dancing, laughing, and maybe even a few tears. “There will be a topless scene but no nudity involved in this show.*

Ticket price: £10 2 4 1 deals

te
sir
mal

achievements right here right now. Trev talks about his life, Ibiza, his DJ/music producer dreams & raving in his local fish & chip shop. Trev also

talent” On The Mic **** “Took my breath away with her comic inventiveness " Lancaster Gaurdian **** Reviews- This is intelligent, very funny,

-

ore

Nostalgia, The 90's & Rave Music is the theme as Trev takes you through the last decade of the 20th Century and beyond with his new music

This serious subjectis dealt with Becky’s trademark mischievous humour and is a perceptive hot take
on what is often a decisive "A tremendous

os

=

May 17th 5pm, 22nd 7:30pm, 31st 5pm and June 1st 6:15pm

Becky's family is Anglo Indian, a mixed race culture bred by the British to runthe Raj. The British-ish of the title. Many of the shows funniest

Join this clown as they embark on an adventure into the world of relationships—with you!

ee

Trance-Head Trev @ PUCK Rock Comedy

identity as a mixed race, bisexual UK bor human to investigate what it means to be British - ish British-ish is a fast paced hour which makes a

@daftelation

Are you looking at me?
Queen Queerlysh @ PUCK Rock Comedy
May 8th 7:30pm, 10th 3:45pm, 24th annd 25th 5pm

Step into the vibrant world of Queen Queerlysh, a fearless lesbian performer who dives headfirst into relationships, LGBT identity, and her unique
outlook on life. Blending free verse, narrative poetry, imaginative soundscapes, and captivating videos, this multimedia spoken word show tackles

everyday struggles and celebrates the transformative power of words. Raw, thought-provoking, and laced with humor, Queen Queerlysh explores
love, identity, and the messy beauty of the human experience in a way that's unapologetically honest and deeply relatable. This unmissable
performance is for adult audiences only. Reviews - Comedy with tremulous reality makes for a wholesomely enjoyable performance. Suresh

Nampuri- JA theatre Lisbon, %& %& %&e%&
%& - Queen Queerlysh wowed me with her unrivalled fire. She's magical! - Natalie Nascenzi, Author,
*% & &&
& - See Queen Queerlysh flies the flag for LGBT issues educating & entertaining. - Yasser Kayani, Comedian, & *& &*&
&

Ticket price: Free

tis

@queen_queerlysh X @ginnye_p

=

os
La,

ell

ee
aie

Page) Two

HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL &

|)(HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

EW) 0 SIGH TAWNY 8 IVE TaN YU 1H TaN 0 WH

axl HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

Sam Hampson & Sophie White @ Jollies
May 8th, 15th, 22nd 8pm and May 25th 5:30pm

[e]
a

Oo)

#

>>

x

Settled by Justina Seselskaite

Ob eran

Justina Seselskaite @ Jollies

ae

a

Se

[mls

—_>-

May 30th 8pm

*

Justina Seselskaite, an award-winning comedian from Lithuania, brings her work in progress show Settled — a witty explorat

M&S or S&M? A stand-up comedy split bill grappling with the big choices of our thirties - dreams, dates, direction and, perhaps

her journey as an immigrant navigating life in the UK. Moving to the UK in 2014, Justina shares the challenges and absurditie

the biggest question of all... is this it? Sam Hampson and Sophie White are both millenials, but life has taken them down very

adapting to a new culture with humor and authenticity. Described as a “masterclass in how to approach your debut hour” by

different paths. While one wonders about baby names, the other is busy choosing the best dating app. Maybe 40 is closer than

Blizzard Comedy, Settled is a sharp, insightful, and funny reflection on finding a sense of belonging in a foreign land.

20, but big questions haven't gone away. It's time to figure out what's a childish dream, what's an adult fantasy and in reality,
what's so funny about it all? A sharp new work in progress show from two up-and-coming comics, reminding us that even if life

Ticket price: PWYW

can be full of questions, finding the answers with a friend can make it far more fun.

@Justina_sesel
Ticket price: FREE (PWYW)

@sophie.white.isdoingcomedy @shampbolic

Richard Wright draws you like one of your French girls

Mat Smith and Kieran Carr Spilt Bill

OF

Mat Smith & Kieran Carr @ Jollies

. re

10)

al

Richard Wright @ Jollies

Mat Smith (as heard on BBC, Komedia New Comedian 2024 semi-finalist) and Kieran Carr (2023 NZ Comedy Guild Awards)
jokes and they have to share them. Join two comedy mates who both look 35 (but are not) as they work out a mix of new mz
Is it toast or not toast? Can you land a chicken on a playing card? How many is it? When did that arrive? Who is Phil and what did

and old 'classics' and decide if they ever want to share a show again. Kieran has been a standup for three years, working in 1

he do with Carol? In 2024 Richard Wright had a well-attended, well respected and well-reviewed Edinburgh Fringe with a show

and in New Zealand. He was a staple on the Auckland scene there, winning an award at the 2023 NZ Comedy Guild Awards.

about a marriage failing. In 2025 Richard Wright invites you to join him for a silly, anarchic, chaotic hour of fun, games, comedy,

returning, he performs around the country at Glee Club Birmingham, West End Comedy Club, Backyard Comedy Club, and |i

guests, snacks and drawing where Richard Wright draws you like one of your French girls. Multi-time Pegasus Comedy Award

year's Edinburgh Fringe. Mat has been performing comedy since 2022, and has had material featured on BBC Radio 4 and E

Winner Richard Wright returns to the Brighton Fringe after his 4 star run at the Edinburgh Fringe in 2024. The 6 time competition

Scotland. Described as “precise, direct and unwavering” Mat has performed at Hot Water, Komedia, The Bill Murray, Backya

semi-finalist brings a light-hearted, silly show to the 2025 Brighton Fringe and invites you to join him in creating his favourite kind

He's also a bad bisexual with a black belt in judo but no driver's license. Certainly doing something right... precise, direct an

of thing that can only exist at a fringe festival.

unwavering. - Mumble Comedy, *****

Ticket price: Free

Ticket price: FREE

@thatmatsmith @kieran.carr_

Still Got It!
.

Greg Houston: GregSpectations
.

.

Georgia Thorpe @ Jollies

Greg Houston @ Jollies

ae
y

Meet the comedians presented by Still Got it. On May 8 and 9, we present 'Old 'n' Bold’ with Georgia and Lissi doing a split stand

”

",

EI
‘

fi

st

ed
2

@gangtafestus X @richywright

R

Join Canadian comedian Greg Houston on his first WIP in Brighton. Part fish out of water, part the water is poison get that fis

up comedy show.... Georgia: Her deadpan humour draws on anything from her Greek Cypriot heritage and being in the closet, to

outta there!... story. Jokes about mental health, love, death, and fitting in. 'Best Of' Camden Fringe Comedy - Camden Come

the challenges of ageing, technology and moving house. If she was a type of food she'd be a Greggs sausage roll, as she’s warm,

Club 2023. - Winner of the 'Funniest of the Fringe' Award Winner - Kingston Storefront Fringe Festival.- Winner of Ottawa

comforting and won't crumble under pressure. Lissi: On a journey from young to old. From shy to bold. From quiet wee mouse, to

Comedy Awards Best Independent Show 2014. - “Houston is definitely funny - great laughs.” - New Ottawa Critics. - “Houst

loud and proud drummer. Come along to find where she's got to today. The comedy continues. On May 10 and 11, we present Lis:

earns many laughs with his self-deprecating sense of humour." - On Stage.

a»

RICHARD WRIGHT DRAWS YOU LIKE ONE OF YOUR FRENCH GIRLS

(see above) and Derya doing a joint stand up show with quizzes and chocolate to engage and delight. Derya: (aka Cybele- Mothe

Goddess) Derya Yildirim is a Turkish trained lawyer turned relationship-connoisseur! She strongly believes she is fully integrated i
British way of life as she values her pet dog, much more than people! A triumvirate of mature amateur performers with chocolate

Ticket price: £7
@GregHoustonComedy

and a quiz and 3 very nice people. - The Scotsman

The biscuit tin and the biscuit

@georgiathorpcomedy X @Kathyyn

Mark Stringer @ Jollies

Sadbh Peters & Scott Oswald: Tumbleweeds (Work In
We all have ideas. We all have dreams. Why is it so difficult for us to turn these ideas and dreams into reality? Mark Stringer

Progress)

degree in philosophy. He's a stand up comedian. He's also a project manager with fifteen years of experience of trying to tu
ideas and dreams into reality . In this show he explains: Why turning our ideas and dreams into reality is so hard. Why just we

Sadbh Peters & Scott Oswald @ Jollies

something really badly and thinking about it really hard isn't enough. Why working hard and trying hard won't work either. W
May 29th 9:15pm, May 31st and June 1st 4:15pm

secret to success is to understand that dreams reality are made of different stuff. This show won't blow your mind. But it mic

finalist, So You Think You're Funny and West End New Act of the Year). Expect a tasty little hour of laughs. “Genius, a sure crowd

pleaser” - %&#&%¥&*&* Mumble Comedy (for ‘Gigl Comedy’) “Sadbh and Scott are brilliant, talented up-and-coming comedians
and I'd rush to buy a ticket” - Dec Munro, Multiple award winning live comedy Director and co-founder of the Bill Murray Comedy

Ticket price: £10 Conc: £5

@the.mark.stringer d* @mark_stringer1969

Club London

Ticket price: FREE

(CO) @scottooswald

age),

ALF A’ CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL c;|8
a

bend it just enough to let you start to take the practical steps you need to take to realise your ideas and dreams.

a

Tumbleweeds is a stand-up split bill by Sadbh Peters (Semi-finalist for Funny Women Stage Awards) and Scott Oswald (Semi-

(HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALFA CA

c-

~/
~~

Ticket price: Free

aw)\UsUH nuSW JH SW)EL neSW),CE

~

»

Is this it? (Work in Progress)

—_—_—

A

Vig

a

SAM HAMPSON AND SOPHIE WHITE PRESENT

A CAMELHALF
A’ CAME LHALFA‘CA
HALF A'CAMEL) SHALF
—_—_--—_—-

[=]

Y,

HALF A CAMELHALFA‘CAME HALF A CAMEL HALF A’CAMEL

HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

—_—_—

SS ==

A CAMELHALF
A’
HALF
A CAMEL HALF ACAMELHALFA‘CAMEL) SHALF
—_—_—

—_—_--—_—-

——

CAMEL HALF

i

a

—

Michael McKenzie: Bed 32

,

—_>-

>>

a

ms

Adam Hopkins: Sorry, What? (Work In Progress)

Michael McKenzie @ Jollies

Y)

a

oS
=

y

penned B

ip,
>

a

ow cir

TR
—_

% ks

ow

3?

32 320y2

ee

S232

—_—_—

Adam Hopkins @ Jollies

May 16th 9:15pm and May 17th 5:30pm

a

vr

Award winning stand-up and musical comedy from a one-legged NHS doctor. As seen on BBC3 and ITV1. McKenzie shares his

Language (BSL) helped him overcome the language barrier when he moved to Shanghai, China, for a new job. Adam is a BBC New

COMEDIAN OF THE YEAR FINALIST 2023. Profits go to Bristol Children’s Hospital where Michael grew up.

Comedy Awards nominated comedian who has performed stand-up across the world in cities such as London, Edinburgh, Tokyo,
Barcelona, Bangkok and even Wuhan. He's written for VICE, BBC Radio 4, BBC Radio Scotland, and Time Out, and opened for

Ticket price: £5 241 deals

international touring comics such as Kyle Kinane (Netflix), Mike Vecchione (The Tonight Show) and Dean Edwards (Saturday Night

(©) @bed32_ cd @bedthirtytwo

Live)

Ticket price: Free

QWERTY

@adam_hopkins23 XK @AW23Hopkins

Jen Zheng & Beck Walker @ Jollies

What happens when you shove your feelings down too long? Either you become divorced or disabled, either way, you're thriving.

10 Things You Shouldn't Do (Work In Progress)

Join Neurodivergent queer comics, Beck Walker and Jen Zheng for a playful irreverent hour of chaos. BAFTA nominated, BBC new
comedian shortlist 2024 x2, LGBTQ new comedian semi finalist 2024, Leicester Square New comedian Semi finalist 2024,West

Sarah Conrad & Anthony Heston @ Jollies

End New Act finalist 2024, SYTYF semi-finalist 2023, Winner of Rising Star New Act 2023

Ticket price: £4 Conc £3, 2 41 deals

Join two of the UK's up-and-coming comedians for an hour of gut-busting stand up comedy. “10 Things You Shouldn't Do”

(6) @jenzbits @beckbeckwalk

features the hilarious Anthony Heston and Sarah Conrad sharing, well, things you probably shouldn't do - from questionable
choices in Halloween costumes to dating app disasters. Together, they are "pretty damn funny."* Anthony has been described by

bring you an hour of stand-up comedy that they have honed on the London comedy circuit. This show is a work in progress, which
means the comedians will be bringing you the freshest, hottest comedy for your enjoyment. Come see them before they are, like,

L

Jessica Otterwell @ Jollies

le [=

Stay Honest

actual press as "endearing, witty, and bumbling,"** and Sarah would rather die than be called any of those. These two nutters will

really famous! *Anthony’s mum **The Reviews Hub

Ticket price: £5 Conc: £2 241 deals
Ever feel like everyone's lying to you? Comedian Jessica Otterwell gets it. In Stay Honest, they take on the absurdity of life and the

brutal fact that no one’s ever been straight with them. Expect sharp jokes, awkward truths, and a deep dive into the chaos of

@sarahconradcomedy

trying to find honesty in a world full of bad dates, ghosting, and well-meaning liars. It's real, it’s raw, and it’s funny as hell. Just
don’t expect the truth, most people can't handle that.

Ticket price: £5

Tim Biglowe: Landlubber

@jotterwellcomedy

Join Tim, a high-energy comedian who has moved from a canal boat to dry land. After giving up the #boatlife dream, is the world

Silly Gross Rants and Jokes (WIP)
2

“AE

of air fryers enough for this hippy's inner-peace? BBC New Comedy Awards 2024 shortlist **** Lancaster Guardian 'A name to
watch out for in the future! Terrific, fluid material’ (TheRealChrisparkle.com)

u

Sam Love @ Jollies

a»

Tim Biglowe @ Jollies

May 16th 5:30pm, 23rd 6:45pm, 24th 5:30pm and 29th 8pm

v

Ticket price: Free

Exactly what it says on the tin. Join me for 45 minutes of unfiltered annoyance as | pick apart the world's nonsense in the

@timbigcomedy

grossest, weirdest, and sometimes oddly whimsical ways. It's a chaotic blend of all the work I've done up to now, stitched together

with equal parts irritation and absurdity to keep you on your toes. Think of it like rummaging through a bin of bad takes and finding

a glittery piece of nonsense that somehow makes sense. it's messy, it's fun, and it's (hopefully) funny. If you've ever been
annoyed by literally everything and wanted to laugh about it instead of scream, this one’s for you. Come along—it's a work-in-

Caroline McEvoy: Train Man (Work In Progress)
Caroline McEvoy @ Jollies

progress, so let’s be gross and silly together.

Ticket price: pass the bucket
Caroline is going on a journey and you're invited. Expect sibling spats, visits to the London Transport Museum and Disney
references. Caroline McEvoy is a Northern Irish comedian based in London. She's founder and resident MC of 2x Chortle awardwinning night Comedy Bandits. "She's a star." (Alison Spittle) Nominated for Pleasance Reserve 2024 | Komedia New Act SemiFinalist 2024 | Funny Women Stage Awards Shortlist 2023, 2022, 2021

Ticket price: FREE

@carolinemcevoycomedy X @carolinemcevoy

a

(©) @samuellove1992 cf @samuellove1992

a

HALF A’ CAMEL HALF A’ CAMEL HALF A CAMEL c;

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF ACA

c-

Oe,

Y,

London-based comedian Adam Hopkins' new work in progress show about how growing up in a house that used British Sign

COMEDIAN OF THE YEAR SEMI FINALIST 2024. BBC NEW COMEDY AWARDS 2022 SEMI FINALIST. CHORTLE STUDENT

A

Vig

Y,

HALF A CAMELHALFA CAMELi HALF A CAMEL HALF

wildest stories from growing up in Bed 32, being raised by the NHS and his craziest stories now working for them. BRITISH

aw)\UsUH nuSW JH EL LEEL neSW),Ua1U

v7

ws

y—

100% authentic secret to achieving complete existential

Stuart Thomas @ Jollies

fulfilment (includes free biscuits)

—_>-

>>

ms
a

Stuart Thomas: Bad Fatty (WIP)

—_—_—

YS 1UH tLSWY))US 1UH neSW),Ua1U

Patrick Draper @ Jollies

May 23rd, 24th, 25th and 26th 8pm

Stuart Thomas delivers a sharp, unapologetic standup show with "Bad Fatty," diving into life as a fat Welshman. Raised on a sheep
farm in Wales, Stuart blends his working-class roots with a modern, no-nonsense take on body positivity. He grabs diet culture by

the scruff of the neck, calling out society's absurd expectations of fat people while hilariously jabbing at our thin-obsessed world.

As unlikely as it sounds, Draper has discovered and implemented a guaranteed means of achieving lifelong unwavering fulfilmen

Stuart doesn’t just talk about being fat—he owns it, celebrating the freedom of rejecting conformity. Bisexual and candid about

and a total zen-like oneness with the universe. He’s been meaning to share it for ages, but he’s been busy painting his shed and

mental health, he explores the intersections of sexuality, body image, and his experiences with depression. "Bad Fatty" is a bold,

then the brickwork on the house needed repointing and, before you know it, another year’s passed by and he's still not told

hilarious celebration of embracing who you are. Stuart flips fat-shaming on its head, turning everyday experiences into

anyone about it. Don't miss this chance to be part of history as life’s great mystery is revealed before your amazed and astounde

extraordinary moments. A force to be reckoned with, Stuart proves that being a 'bad fatty' is pure joy—and he’s taking no

faces; it'll only take an hour, and there are free biscuits too. The comedy material is consistently funny and Draper's fairly dark

prisoners.

take on the world is delivered with a deceptive lightness. *%& %& % % — Highly Recommended Show - Paul Levy — Fringe Review A
bulletproof opening act with an inventive turn of phrase and endearingly droll delivery - Stagefright Comedy - Deadpan Genius -

Ticket price: Free

Jon Pearson -A wonderful level of mental dexterity and stagecraft. - Notts Comedy Review

@stuthejoke

Ticket price: £5 Conc: £2.50 241 deals

Cat Scully @ Jollies

Or EAL

@patrickdraper7

4

After a difficult couple of years, Cat has dusted herself off, ready to laugh again. Originally hailing from Canada but now stuck in

A Yank in Portsmouth

al:

Bryan Stoops @ Jollies

. : +

is)

Cat Scully - Sticks & Rhinestones

England, Cat flexes her stoicism to take on life's hurdles. Park yourselves and listen while she wrangles through some erroneous
decisions. Cat's one and only review said that she ‘is perfect for a damp and chilly British evening’. Join Cat at her WIP show, you

Bryan Stoops is a comedian (Edinburgh Fringe, The Comedy Store, Gotham Comedy Club) and educator from the United States.

never know, you might make a friend.

Recently, Bryan moved to Portsmouth to teach literature. In this show, Bryan will share insights about his new home, do that

Ticket price: Free

American thing of explaining how a culture that is not his own works, and tell the tale of how he became a Yank in Portsmouth.

@hahacatscully X @hahacatscully

‘The most endearing stand up of the fringe! Highly recommend!’ (Edinburgh Fringe) ‘All kinds of funny...a MUST see!’ (Hollywooc
Fringe) 'A very enjoyable way to spend an hour.' (Leicester Comedy Festival)

Two Fellas Telling Jokes For Two Nights
Joe Kanczes and James Pendleton @ Jollies

Crt

AL

Ticket price: £5 -£4 - conc

@bryanstoopscomedy d* @bryanstoopscomedy

mee

Two Northern comics (who actually like being down south). Two nights. No nonsense. A Stand-up split bill show with Joe Kanczes

(Bath New Act of the Year Finalist) and James Pendleton (Max Turner Semi-finalist 2024) . They award-nominated stand-ups who
just want to tell jokes. No sob stories, no life lessons—just proper stand-up from two fellas. Expect sharp observations, Northern

ow iLL

o

2),

>

Starter Pack (Work In Progress)
Michael McPheat and Lianna Holston @ Jollies

charm, and a healthy dose of good old-fashioned moaning about everything that deserves it.

Ticket price: FREE (PWYW)

Lianna Holston (Runner Up, Leicester Square New Comedian of the Year 2024; SYTYF 2024 Semi-Finalist; iHeartRadio podcast

@jimmypcomedy

co-host) and Michael McPheat (SYTYF 2024 Semi-Finalist; Soho Theatre Labs Plus Alumni; Co-host of sell-out London comedy
night 0800-Comedy) invite you to be in their Starter Pack: one hour of standup comedy that reveals how the brains of two sweet

pie idiots tick. Get ready for goofy giggles as we square dance* our way to PERFECTION for the girls, gays and theys (and any

Luke Richards and CK Nath @ Jollies

American :/, and mental illness xx. Michael's Starter Pack includes: Being a gay best friend, loving video games, intimate lighting

restaurants and astounding rap skills. Hop into the minds of two cute, apologetic & stupid comics as we all skip into the jaws of

v

LU/CK

other silly billy who is up for a high dose of serotonin deep fried in stupidity). Lianna’s Starter Pack includes: animal opinions, beit

J%

a»

a

A CAMELHALF
A’ CAME LHALF
HALF A'CAMEL) SHALF
—_—_--—_—-

fear and despair hand in hand! *Not literal but could be if you wanted to :)

A split bill stand-up show from Bath New Comedian of the year, Luke Richards and West End New Act Finalist, CK Nath. Both acts

were developed as part of the Soho Theatre Comedy Labs where they realised their styles were horribly incompatible or, as their

Z\

Y,

HALF A CAMEL HALF A’CAMEL

HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

—_—_—

Ticket price: £8 Conc: £4

@liannaholston @michaelmccomedy

Luke and CK on the night!

Tall Tales for All Men @ Jollies

Ticket price: Free - PWYW

Tony Sheppard @ Jollies

lg

is ;

ales

@ck_standupcomedy @lukerichardscomedy

Tall Tales For All Men is a captivating spoken word theatre show by performance poet Tony Curry. Through a mix of poignant

Uncouth Chic

storytelling and poetry —at times accompanied by his acoustic guitar—Tony brings to life the joys and struggles of growing up in

Sophie Sandor @ Jollies

with warmth, humour, and love. Yet, beneath the laughter, there’s deep reflection, as Tony opens up about the premature loss of

a

1970s Crawley, Sussex. The youngest of four brothers, born to an English father and South African mother, he shares tales filled

both his father and brother. Beyond being a poet, musician, and writer, Tony also works to support men’s well-being—an ethos
woven into the heart of this show. Raw, heartfelt, and deeply human, Tall Tales For All Men is more than a performance—it's a
sounds like: un-kooth sheek comedy stories on a very british experience by sophie sandor spanning cultures, classes, careers and

space for connection and healing.

characters from scotland to the south of england
¥

Ticket price: £10 Conc: £5 241 deals
Ticket price: £8

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL c/—

(©) @scottooswald

(HALF A'CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A'CA

c-

@uncouthchic X @sophiesandor

EAN UH nu

their Indian heritage and one dead-pan northern comic complaining about things. To find out which is which, you'll just have to join

is)

publicist would prefer them to say, an interesting mix. A pay-what-you-like show featuring one high-energy storyteller exploring

ad

:

Is She Really Going Out with Jim?

4HALFA CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

Plaster

BISod me UPMEHOFEN NS BIQQq Me Up Marjorie!

Shoulder Cat Productions @ The Joker

ce
Lt

freer

a

~

a
J

Alison and Jim: a perfectly mismatched couple. Early 40s, they may have found each other later in life, but with a healthy combination of
excitement and experience, they are having the best time together. It's just..why does he always panic and let himself down? A quirky new

4
hilarious

comedy play by multi-award-winning playwright Paul Richards about staying strong together, despite the somewhat brutal opinions of literally

peek behind,

;

:

everybody else. Performed by Ruby Florence and Paul Richards, directed by Cara Hanman.

cl

2°

the scenes of a

Project M Productions @ The Joker

»

:

a

The Amazing Hypnotist & Mentalist

:

7

peek behind the scenes of a murder mystery.

;

:

In this brand new razor-

i ;

SIRE EVO-TIEE WTEE VS FOIDE SOI CIETY COME SCIRNS BE HNO (AIS COED UK SF 1G TSE CANNIG SAENIOLE Of ay Dee Der EiaSs YOU Crenice tO S06

what goes on backstage of a murder mystery, where things are not always what they seem. Watch as our characters battle to keep their event
alive and their dead body dead.

@ The Joker

Becky Fury: British-ish @ The Joker
Becky Fury @ The Joker

A jaw-dropping mind reading and mentalism show that will leave you on the edge of your seats. Expect West End quality entertainment, Derren
Brown-style mind games and all-round psychological wonder as Daniel reads volunteers’ minds and predicts audiences decisions live on stage
Becky Fury - “Finest sticks of comedy dynamite to be found for love or a suggested donation” Scotsgay Award winning Becky Fury uses her

Ticket price: £8

Oe

identity as a mixed race, bisexual UK born human to investigate what it means to be British - ish British-ish is a fast paced hour which makes a

serious and seriously silly effort to redefine Britishness, British historical figures and what makes Britain great. Colonialism is also discussed as

@daniel.s.hypnotist d* @daniel.s.hypnotist

Lf

Becky's family is Anglo Indian, a mixed race culture bred by the British to run the Raj. The British-ish of the title. Many of the shows funniest
moments come from Becky's honest insight and story telling skills; discussing her experiences dealing with casual and not so casual rascism.

Loo-Prov! - Improvised Comedy

cE

Loo-Prov! @ The Joker

This serious subject is dealt with Becky's trademark mischievous humour and is a perceptive hot take on what is often a decisive “A tremendous

pet

a,

talent” On The Mic **** “Took my breath away with her comic inventiveness “ Lancaster Gaurdian **** Reviews- This is intelligent, very funny,

ee

free-thinking stuff from a confident and articulate comedian - On The Mic, *%& % %& %* The ‘confession’ about her colonial Indian family was as

as

(lia

edgy and endearing. One to watch. - Lancaster Gaurdian, * *& *& *& *&

Ticket price: Donations

Ever wondered what happens on the other side of the doors to the ladies toilets? The women from Loo-Prov! bring the tears, pep talks and

al

confessions of the bathrooms to the stage with their completely improvised show. This all female, London and Brighton based team is a favourite

@becky_fury X @beckyfury d* @becky_fury

with local audiences! Finalists in the Free Association's 2024 Cage Match and performers at the 2024 Das Improv festival in Berlin, and Liverpool

fa
rae
wail

Improv Festival 2025, their show is a touching, funny and sometimes illuminating experience!

Inside

Ticket price: FREE

Langfield Pictures @ The Joker

@loo_prov

tal

Anna Hale: Control Freak (Work In Progress)

;

Anna Hale @ The Joker

Who can love a MAN unconditionally? His wife? His Child? His Mother? His God? Find out in INSIDE the struggles of a Man
Produced by Yemi Olanrewaju
Directed by Femi (Tiger) Johnson

Ticket price: £15, £10 (conc)

@langfieldpictures
Introducing Anna Hale: comedian, singer-songwriter, control freak. She's written the jokes and the music and the lyrics. She's rigged the lights and

sold the tickets, designed the costume and run the sound check. She’s even shown you to your seat. Of course she doesn't need help. But what
happens to a control freak when her world is out of control? She's got sixty minutes to solve every problem in her life. Sounds easy. The real
challenge is doing it without letting anyone else have a go. With a bunch of hilarious original songs, “natural charisma” (Beyond The Joke) and

=

“undeniable vocal pyrotechnics” (Chortle), this glitzy debut from the 2024 Musical Comedy Awards ‘Audience Favourite’ and runner-up promises
a riotous comedic journey through the manically organised mind of one of the country's fastest rising musical comedy stars.

Hy

Tall Tales for All Men @ The Joker
Tony Sheppard @ The Joker
May 10th 6:45pm, 14th and 15th 8pm and May 16th 6:15pm

Tall Tales For All Men is a captivating spoken word theatre show by performance poet Tony Curry. Through a mix of poignant storytelling and
poetry —at times accompanied by his acoustic guitar—Tony brings to life the joys and struggles of growing up in 1970s Crawley, Sussex. The

aml

as

¥

@projectmproductions

2

a

:

Mind Reading Mentalism Show

(ad

:

Marjorie! is a fast-paced, laugh-out out comedy that takes a

iss

Ticket price: £10, £5 (conc)

axl

a

-

ae

ite

ay 2nd 8pm, May 3rd 8pm, May 4th 5.30pm, May 5th 5.30pm, May 6th 8pm

Blood Me Up

eg

aye ey ayaa

Ticket price: £6 Conc: £5 241 deals

ti
as

ea
a
eal

asf]

wv

Ticket price: Free

@allhaleanna X @allhaleanna

youngest of four brothers, born to an English father and South African mother, he shares tales filled with warmth, humour, and love. Yet, beneath
the laughter, there's deep reflection, as Tony opens up about the premature loss of both his father and brother. Beyond being a poet, musician, and

writer, Tony also works to support men’s well-being—an ethos woven into the heart of this show. Raw, heartfelt, and deeply human, Tall Tales For
All Men is more than a performance—it’s a space for connection and healing.

ms

Lov
Lau
TD ease tad eaetieaniase?

fm
ws
Si
3

Love and Laugh
~=©Hose Comedy @ The Joker

Ticket price: £10 Conc: £5 241 deals

Love & Laugh is the ultimate show of comedy and romance! Watch comedians tell jokes about their relationship disasters and discover what are

Instascam: Inside The Murky World Of Instagram Scammers

people's biggest dating icks. Plus a relationship or sexual health expert will share real insights on how to improve your love life. You can also join in
by asking all our acts for advice on your own dating and relationship dramas. Having problems in the bedroom? Or struggling to get someone into

@tonysheppard86

James Billington @ The Joker

your bedroom? Don't worry — we're here to help, with zero judgment. Love & Laugh started in Bristol and has become an audience favourite on
the local comedy scene. We're now touring the country, helping people to build better romantic connections with themselves and other people.

So whether you're coming with a date or flying solo, this event promises to be an uplifting experience. Don’t miss out on this fun, warm and
inclusive show about love (and a little naughtiness).

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £5 2 for 1 deals

Get ready for a side-splitting hour of laughs as comic James Billington dives into the wild world of Instagram scammers! In this hilarious show,
he'll expose the most ridiculous, over-the-top schemes from the world of online hustlers. From stories involving kidnapped mothers, threesomes

with dogs and a £2m armed robbery theatre play, this is a show not to be missed. James also takes you behind the curtain and talks to the
scammers behind these accounts and takes a look at what Instagram are doing to help protect their users. Don't miss out on this comedy event

where social media meets satire. It's a show based on the book of the same names, full of laughs, silliness, and just plain weirdness.

@lovenlaughuk ¢* @hosewrites

==

Ticket price: Free

@james_billington_ XK @bilge1979

Fi
aie

HALF
A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL E-

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

"WD 0 SIUH TW 10H TSW) YUH TaN "10H

aad HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMELHALFA CAMEL

Rad

:
Ge

shoulder ft productions
A Bit Of This A Bit Of That

cml

Ticket price: Donations

(ad

2
(Ss
Lal

cE

is
rae
wal
tal

>»
c
had

s
Hy

aul

is
a
at

Multi-award-winning drummer playwright Paul Richards tells us the comedic story of life as a working musician. Not the glamorous stuff where

everything goes smoothly and you geta nice dressing room, we're talking about the grim gigs, you know, the ones we actually get paid for and
the wonderful if slightly conceming, characters we meet along the way. Warm, and packed with songs, this noisy little love letter to the social

clubs of the UK that somehow still exist is part play, part musical comedy. “Like an alternative Ferris Bueller... the escalating web of chaos is

@dewicomedy

skilfully scripted in the vein of
a classic film comedy. ****" - The Scotsman

Ticket price: Standard: £6 Conc: £5 241 deals

Girlhood (Work In Progress)

Love and Laugh

Ruckus Theatre @ The Joker

| June 1st 3pm |
Ruckus Theatre makes its Brighton Fringe debut with ‘Girlhood’, a work-in-progress piece. 'Girlhood' is a headphone verbatim theatre project
incorporating real-life interviews and personal stories to explore the complexities of being a woman and highlights the unique experiences and
challenges women face in today's society.

<M
td

a
LB.

aa

Fi
ale

Hose Comedy @ The Joker

The comedy show all about sex,
dating and relationships

Ticket price: £8 Conc: £6

Love & Laugh is the ultimate show of comedy and romance! Watch comedians tell jokes about their relationship disasters and discover what are

by asking all our acts for advice on your own dating and relationship dramas. Having problems in the bedroom? Or struggling to get someone into

your bedroom? Don't worry — we're here to help, with zero judgment. Love & Laugh started in Bristol and has become an audience favourite on

Namaste Blisters

(ma) te [el

the local comedy scene. We're now touring the country, helping people to build better romantic connections with themselves and other people.

May 31st and June 1st 4.15pm @ The Joker

i

inclusive show about love (anda little naughtiness).

So whether you're coming with a date or flying solo, this event promises to be an uplifting experience. Don't miss out on this fun, warm and

Plrra

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £5 2 for 1 deals

@lovenlaughuk gt @hosewrites

Namaste Blisters is a journey into the quirky, pretzel-twisting world of yoga, written and performed by Kym Nelson—a former yoga teacher who
swapped downward dogs for punchlines. The show unravels the stereotypes, secrets, and absurdity of the yoga industry. From eccentric
instructors to the unspoken truths of yoga classes, this show will bend your perspective in ways no vinyasa flow ever could! Whether you're a

seasoned yogi or someone who's only mastered the savasana (nap pose), you'll leave with a new appreciation for the art of finding your zen—and

Songs What Make You Feel

laughing at it, too! Guaranteed, you'll never look at yoga in the same way again. Previously performed at the Camden Fringe, the Edinburgh

Festival, and the Museum of Comedy, the show is currently touring theatres in the UK, Belgium and the Netherlands.

Glitch @ The Joker

Ticket price: £8 Conc: £6 241 deals

@kym_comedyplayground X @KymNelson cf @https://www.tiktok.com/@kymnelson

Obs
ope

"If music be the food of love, play on." (Glitch, October 2025). With the help of his Al best pal Sparks and his trusty electric guitar, Glitch invites

you to sing-along through the emotional Odyssey what is feeling stuff. However, with Glitch at the helm, is it ever just a sing-along? Combining
comedy, theatre and live-music, Songs What Make You Feel is a family-friendly show about the awesome power of our emotions and how we

Cabaret : Oddi-Tease

can harness them to our benefit and those around us. Reviews from last years Fringe Show: “It doesn't feel like any kind of worthy lecture. It's just

Oddi-Tease @ The Joker

a silly bloke singing silly songs, making kids and adults laugh. The story works and the characters are engaging, even the computer!

Recommended! (Audience Member) - A silly bloke singing silly songs, making kids and adults laugh. - Audience Member, * *% %& *%& % - Glitch

May 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th and 11th 9:15pm

brought the laughs, sing-alongs and energy in spades, so kids and their adults will love it. - Audience Member, *%& *& *& *& *&
Cabaret OddiTease is a celebration of all things Vintage, Cabaret and Queer. With a vintage Victorian feel, two classic Vaudevillian characters

Ticket price: £5, 2 for 1 deals

steer the show as the audience are treated to a bombardment of visceral cabaret style acts, combining the odd and the sexy. The cast will boast
the most extravagantly unusual and sexy performers, each night different from the last! But fear not! With Mortimer Moonbender alongside John

@officialglitchvisualz ¢* @officialglitchtiktok

Welles, two devilishly charming and dare | say sexy veteran performers of the Vaudeville variety, steering the ship every night; the show is bound

for great adventure and a delectable feast for the eyes!

Ticket price: £15

ASTROBALLS

ba

Yes Anderson: The Life Accompanied
Tiny Dynamite @ The Joker

)

/.

Pa

=

Lov
Lau

people's biggest dating icks. Plus a relationship or sexual health expert will share real insights on how to improve your love life. You can also join in

[hay

al

Paul Richards @ The Joker

From Cruise Ships to the comedy stage, Dewi brings his priceless stories and journey to us. He always tries to find the funny side of life.

Lt

axl

Paul Richards: There's a Band Playing at the Social Club
Tonight

Dewi Thomas @ The Joker

Hilariously relatable, Dewi reels you in with tales of balancing life with work.

ti
as

=] HALF
A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAM EL

Rachel O'Connor: Astroballs
Rachel O'Connor @ The Joker

A character comedy show featuring mystical influencers and kooky celebrities. Is spirituality your cup of tea (leaves) or do you think it’s just a load

e

of Astroballs?!! A show for anyone who loves - or hates - astrology and popular culture! Written and performed by Rachel O'Connor. Rachel is a
RACHEL OOONNOR

The films of Wes Anderson occupy a unique and vivid universe unto themselves: love and yearning; complicated family dynamics; existential

comedian and astrologer. She has a background in improv and sketch comedy, performed stand up comedy shows at a number of Fringe

angst. Binoculars. Maps. Suitcases. And a whole lot of whimsy. Into that universe step Brighton's improv stalwarts, Tiny Dynamite, back to bring

Festivals and featured in The Guardian. "Mystical giggles "A Force of Nature" “Hilarious"

you their take on the twee, colourful and idiosyncratic world of Wes. Based on audience suggestions, the performers will spin an anthology of
linked character portraits and story fragments. Our show will include a live improvised soundtrack, with underscore and occasional spontaneous

songs. So pack your rucksack, leave a laconic note for your family, and join us under the stars for The Life Accompanied, a show that will make yot

Ticket price: £8 241 deals
@astro_comedy_

laugh, make you cry, and make you wish you had packed your antique record player. “Funny, stylish, bonkers and above all very Wes Anderson.

Go and see it now.”- Reviews Hub, *% %& *% ¥%& 1/2 - “Full of unique and interesting characters” - Broadway World “Intergenerational love-triangles
with heists. And precocious children.’- The Big Issue

Ticket price: £11 Conc £8.50

@yesandersonimprov c* @tinydynamiteimprov

Page

HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL E-

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

"WY 0 10H TW) 8 1UH TSW) YS 1UH TaN "10H

al HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

Lil

5

a

Se

'

potential - Hats Funny Comedy, ***
by Peter

.

;

Fox,*****

** — - Intelligent writing, spot on delivery, very alert to the energy flow of the room - NottsComedyReview

Bonnie Adair & Stormy Pasha @ The Joker

Mad

Dog

3

co
=

“3
Mi

a

What do mums, babies, gays and friends have in common? They all love to spill the tea and overshare. Come for an evening of

:

uplifting comedy, silliness and joy where we tackle the big questions... How to get things done even if you feel "dead inside"? What

Rohan Sharma @ The Joker

\Y of iA “(Rye

Pr

is the right way to bring up a child? How can there be so many people in my city but nobody for me to date? We don't have the

f=)

answers but you can learn from our mistakes... Despite having nothing but their age and the need to chronically overshare in
common, Bonnie and Pasha debut their split bill comedy show. Come and share the joy!

Rohan Shamasé a

British/indian comedian who is/isn't bringing his debut hour about his harrowing/comfortable upbringing to the Fringe this

year. He will talk about how he's faced racism/no racism and he will criticise/champion Britain and its checkered/Alawless history, all through the
lens of

Ticket price: £5 (PWYW)

aman who's brain has been nourished/corroded by the modem world. The reigning Leicester Square New Comedian of the Year

champion presents his hotly-anticipated debut n this fast-paced, multimedia odyssey. Come see truth become lies, lies become truth, and the

@@

.

.

bonnieadairtv

@p @pash_ch
_ cJ @@tormy.pasha
y-P

dog become mad. BBC New Comedy Nominee 2024.

who Killed the plot

Ticket price: Free

Who Killed The Plot @The Joker

@) @sharmycomedy

May 16th 9:15pm & 23rd 6:45pm

Ttiont

An Improvised Murder Mystery

—Cauti

who Killed the plot

Who Killed The Plot @ The Joker
.

|

Apiot

&

Who killed the plot? Well, it was definitely one of us... but can you figure out who? Join us for a hilariously unpredictable

@

ei

i

;

a

;

improvised murder mystery with a twist! Watch as a cast of quick-thinking improvisers blend the best of short-form chaos like

I!

»

:

lines from a hat and Party Quirks, with the intrigue of a long-form whodunit. Expect wild characters, ridiculous twists, and plenty of

unscripted moments. Will we solve the crime, orjust make things even more absurd? There's only one way to find out, come see
the mystery (and the madness) unfold!

Who killed the plot? Well, itwas definitely one of us.. but can you figure out who? Join us for a hilariously unpredictable improvised murder

mystery with a twist! Watch as acast of quick-thinking improvisers blend the best of short-form chaos like lines from a hat and Party Quirks, with

Ticket price: £8 Cone: £5 241

deals

the intrigue of a long-form whodunit. Expect wild characters, ridiculous twists, and plenty of unscripted moments. Will we solve the crime, orjust

@) @whokilledtheplot

make things even more absurd? There's only one way to find out, come see the mystery (and the madness) unfold!

Ticket price: £8 Cone: £5 241 deals

Half A Camel - Top Of The Camel

@ @whokilledtheplot

YX

SESKA: SUPERSILLYMAGICSHOW
SESKA@ The Joker

3 Yo

bie :
oe ee
ee

=

u

@) @langfieldpictu res

-HalfaCamel's Kick of the Fringe - Haff AC amel,*****

Rohan Sharma:

Leia

bal

;

Ticket price: £15, £10 (cone)

May 9th 8pm, 18th 12:30pm, 19th 8pm, 25th and 26th 5:30pm

GG

i
="
ani

;

Directed by Femi (Tiger) Johnson

@) @comedywithraza

lad

wal

Who can love a MAN unconditionally? His wife? His Child? His Mother? His God? Find out in INSIDE the struggles of a Man
Produced by Yemi Olanrewaju

Oversharers

fle

Lie

;
B2MAN
Py

Ticket price: £7 241 deals

>

s

Lanafiel
d Pi ctures
The e Jok
angfie
Joker
gil
ctures
@

|

political aspects of both countries. "For God's sake, just let me integrate", says Raza while awkwardly sniffing Fish & Chips. An act with real

fd

bed

| IN S | Dp 3

health, traffic rules, financial struggle, traveling adventures of Pakistan and UK Overall, it's a1 amalgam of Sheer Fun and Dark Satire on socio-

ll

oh

Pe
rate:

impulsively considered an Indian because of brown skin n the first glance. This show compares relationship styles, parenting, approach to mental

as
ols

<.

a

Insid

anew immigrant n the UK It also speaks of less representation of Pakistanis n the Comedy Circuit of UK and battles the stereotype of being

ead

(al

syed Ahmad Raza @ The Joker

"PakiStandUp" is awork-in-progress satirical Comedy show which emphasizes on culturally shocking and hilarious elements and experiences of

Lt

i
ole
=

mito

IMIION@@Q

fe

oll

PAKISTANDUP (Work in Progress)

4HALFA CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

‘

ab

.

Ne

HalfACamel.s Top OF The Camel Comedians @ The Joker

\Wert
—

3

‘\

Se
|

Twenty Two shows. Two venues. Just pure, methodically filtered maximum variety, unfiltered comedy

aS

als

wonderful world of HalfaCamel. Top of the Camel is your all-access pass to the best of the fest-

ws

Enter the wild and

acurated series showcasing

Half a Camel's finest and funniest acts., totally uncurated comedy1 We're hosting cult favourites, rising misfits, and hand-picked

Crazier than finding a penguin in your fridge, turbo-charged Seska throws buckets of happiness into the air in this brilliantly inventive super silly

chaos merchants in a rotating lineup of top-tier comedy! Come for the laughs, stay for the mayhem. One ticket. One hour. A new

magic show. - Winner SPIRIT OF FRINGE - Colchester Fringe Festival - Nominated BEST FAMILY SHOW
- Leicester Comedy Festival -

lineup every time. This is full frontal, bottomless comedy -

Nominated BEST FAMILY SHOW- Brighton Fringe - Winner BEST SOLO SHOW
- Banjul Arts Festival - ‘One of the world's top comedy

Tuesdays shows are 2 hours long At HalfACamel Nothing's Half Arsed, It Can't Be, We Don't Have One. CLICK TICKET LINK TO

magicians’ - BBC RADIO - ‘Quite simply one of the best comedy magicians entertaining families in the UK -LONDON EVENING STANDARD -

GUARANTEE A SEAT, or check our INSTAGRAM HIGHLIGHTS for who's on which show, and every other show has a highlight for

The bombardment of sounds, music, colours and Seska's infectious, quick-fire energy means that even the most fidgety of children will be

every day of the Fringe. Keeping it simple, for your pleasure.

spellbound for 50 minutes of silliness' - BROADWAY BABY - When Seska comes to town, kids laugh out loud, dads fert out loud, and mums faint

and you're right in the thick of it

@ The Maris & Otter and The Joker.

Ticket price: Free - Donations

at his feet! Entertaining crowds from Mumbai to Trinidad, a firm favourite at Camp Bestival - Widely regarded as one of the best on the fringe

circuit he sells out every year!

@) @half.a.camel

Ticket price: £8.50

X @seskamagic

Oversharers Half A Camel Brighton Fringe
Bonnie Adair & Stormy Pasha @ The Joker
May 9th 8pm, 18th 12:30pm, 19th 8pm, 25th and 26th 5:30pm

The Second

.
ig +
Saar

paz

Shoulder Cat Productions @ The Joker

/
+s

The first of anything is usually okay, often it's rather exciting. First day in a new job? You can make mistakes, it's fine! First date?
You're allowed to be nervous, you've only just met them! First marriage? We all make mistakes, don't worry about it. First child?

What do mums, babies, gays and friends have in common? They all love to spill the tea and overshare. Come for an evening of uplifting comedy,

aid

be

Usually the better one. But the second. The second of anything can be brutal. You should know what you're doing by the second

silliness and joy where we tackle the big questions.. How to get things done even if you feel "dead inside"? What is the right way to bring up a

attempt. No excuses, you've done this before. But the second, as we're about to find out, is where things can often go horribly

child? How can there be so many people n my city but nobody for me to date? We don't have the answers but you can leam from our mistakes...

wrong. A chaotic comedic play, written by multi-award-winning writer, Paul Richards. Directed by Cara Hanman.

Despite having nothing but their age and the need to chronically overshare n common, Bonnie and Pasha debut their split bill comedy show.

Come and share the joy!

Ticket price: Free

wall

ci
ais

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMELHALFA CAMELE"

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

"WY 0 SIUH TW 8 INH TSW) YS IUH TaN 6 "10H

al HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMELHALFA CAMEL

;

VERY ALERT TO THE

ENERGY FLOW OF

>

PAKISTANDUP (Work In Progress)

THE ROOM.

Syed Ahmad Raza @ The Joker
AN ACT
WITH REAL

POTENTIAL

"PakiStandUp” is a work-in-progress satirical Comedy show which emphasizes on culturally shocking and hilarious elements and experiences of
anew immigrant in the UK. It also speaks of less representation of Pakistanis in the Comedy Circuit of UK and battles the stereotype of being
impulsively considered an Indian because of brown skin in the first glance. This show compares relationship styles, parenting, approach to mental
health, traffic rules, financial struggle, traveling adventures of Pakistan and UK. Overall, it's an amalgam of Sheer Fun and Dark Satire on socio-

political aspects of both countries. "For God's sake, just let me integrate", says Raza while awkwardly sniffing Fish & Chips. An act with real

potential - Hats Funny Comedy, *& *%& %& ¥& ¥ - Intelligent writing, spot on delivery, very alert to the energy flow of the room - NottsComedyReview
by Peter Fox, %& %& ¥%& %& %& -HalfaCamel's Kick of the Fringe - Half A Camel, & *& &&

Ticket price: £7 241 deals
@comedywithraza

Rohan Sharma: Mad Dog
Rohan Sharma @ The Joker

Rohan Sharma is a British/Indian comedian who is/isn't bringing his debut hour about his harrowing/comfortable upbringing to the Fringe this

year. He will talk about how he’s faced racism/no racism and he will criticise/champion Britain and its checkered/flawless history, all through the
lens of a man who's brain has been nourished/corroded by the modern world. The reigning Leicester Square New Comedian of the Year
champion presents his hotly-anticipated debut in this fast-paced, multimedia odyssey. Come see truth become lies, lies become truth, and the

dog become mad. BBC New Comedy Nominee 2024.

Ticket price: Free

@sharmycomedy

who Killed the plot
Who Killed The Plot @ The Joker

Ghia
;
DO}

Who killed the plot? Well, it was definitely one of us... but can you figure out who? Join us for a hilariously unpredictable improvised murder

mystery with a twist! Watch as a cast of quick-thinking improvisers blend the best of short-form chaos like lines from a hat and Party Quirks, with
the intrigue of a long-form whodunit. Expect wild characters, ridiculous twists, and plenty of unscripted moments. Will we solve the crime, or just
make things even more absurd? There's only one way to find out, come see the mystery (and the madness) unfold!

Ticket price: £8 Conc: £5 241 deals
@whokilledtheplot

SESKA: SUPERSILLYMAGICSHOW
SESKA @ The Joker

Crazier than finding a penguin in your fridge, turbo-charged Seska throws buckets of happiness into the air in this brilliantly inventive super silly
magic show. - Winner SPIRIT OF FRINGE - Colchester Fringe Festival - Nominated BEST FAMILY SHOW — Leicester Comedy Festival -

Nominated BEST FAMILY SHOW - Brighton Fringe - Winner BEST SOLO SHOW- Banjul Arts Festival - ‘One of the world's top comedy

magicians' - BBC RADIO - ‘Quite simply one of the best comedy magicians entertaining families in the UK' -LONDON EVENING STANDARD ‘The bombardment of sounds, music, colours and Seska’s infectious, quick-fire energy means that even the most fidgety of children will be

spellbound for 50 minutes of silliness' - BROADWAY BABY - When Seska comes to town, kids laugh out loud, dads f*rt out loud, and mums faint
at his feet! Entertaining crowds from Mumbai to Trinidad , a firm favourite at Camp Bestival - Widely regarded as one of the best on the fringe

circuit he sells out every year!

Ticket price: £8.50

X @seskamagic

Oversharers Half A Camel Brighton Fringe
Bonnie Adair & Stormy Pasha @ The Joker
May 9th 8pm, 18th 12:30pm, 19th 8pm, 25th and 26th 5:30pm

What do mums, babies, gays and friends have in common? They all love to spill the tea and overshare. Come for an evening of uplifting comedy,
silliness and joy where we tackle the big questions... How to get things done even if you feel “dead inside”? What is the right way to bring up a
child? How can there be so many people in my city but nobody for me to date? We don't have the answers but you can learn from our mistakes...
Despite having nothing but their age and the need to chronically overshare in common, Bonnie and Pasha debut their split bill comedy show.
Come and share the joy!

Ticket price: £5 (PWYW)

@bonnieadairtv @pash_ch ct @tormy.pasha

Li HALFA'CAMEL HALF A‘CAMELn

Brown vs. White: Bread Wars
Vish Lal and Genny Edwards @ The Maris & Otter

Two comedians in the ultimate ethnic sourdough split bill smackdown. In the brown corner: Vish Lal, one man on a mission to work

out whether he’s an absolute geezer or an absolute virgin. In the white corner: Genny Edwards (Timeout Red Hot Comedy
Competition Shortlist, Comedy Virgins Competition Finalist) who just wants to know where Manic Pixie Dream Girls go when they

tt

grow up. ‘Vishnu and Genny win the audience over with their natural charm and chemistry. — Dec Munro, founder of the Bill
Murray

Ticket price: Free

@genevieveed

Katie Pritchard: | Kiss The Music
Katie Pritchard @ The Maris & Otter

Join multi-award-winning musical comedian, and body roll enthusiast — Katie Pritchard — as she dresses head to toe in the finest
unitard she could make and embarks on this award-nominated arena tour (to the back room of a pub). This “Absolutely electric”

(%& & & & X¥& Pepper & Salt) show features pumping pop anthems and dance moves you never thought the human body capable
of. Think Lady Gaga... on acid! WINNER Musical Comedy Awards | NOMINEE Best Variety Show Leicester Comedy Festival 2025

Literally the most hilarious thing in the world - Pepper and Salt, %& %& % % % Katie Pritchard is a one woman comedy music
powerhouse - VoiceMag, * * * * * Katie Pritchard is a force of nature! - one4review, *k**
*

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £5 241 deals

@katiepritchards X @katiepritchards ¢* @katiepritchards

Alex Farrow: New Order
Alex Farrow: New Order @ The Maris & Otter

| May 11th 3pm |
A new stand-up comedy show from former philosophy teacher Alex Farrow. Alex’s solo comedy shows have sold out at the

Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 2019, 2021 and 2022 as well as being a British Comedy Guide top ten pick. Featured in The Times as
part of the Best Jokes of the Fringe. As heard on BBC Radio 4 Extra. Alex's solo comedy shows have sold out at the Edinburgh

Festival Fringe in 2019, 2021 and 2022 as well as being a British Comedy Guide top ten pick. "Very Talented" - Chortle

A

Ticket price: £6 (pwyw) 241 deals

Y,

@alexfarrowcomedy

Vish Lal and Genny Edwards @ The Maris & Otter

YY,

EL HAL

A

Brown vs. White: Bread Wars

Two comedians in the ultimate ethnic sourdough split bill smackdown. In the brown corner: Vish Lal, one man on a mission to work
out whether he's an absolute geezer or an absolute virgin. In the white corner: Genny Edwards (Timeout Red Hot Comedy
Competition Shortlist, Comedy Virgins Competition Finalist) who just wants to know where Manic Pixie Dream Girls go when they
grow up. ‘Vishnu and Genny win the audience over with their natural charm and chemistry. — Dec Munro, founder of the Bill
Murray

Ticket price: Free
@genevieveed

La)

=al

[<4

HALFA CAMELHALF A CAMEL HALFA UCL)

rixur A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

AWW)

a

Ye

a

—

oa 10H

——

TSWW3, JH HLSWY),US 1UH HLSW),

matee

“T

ee
De

7

A

a

HALFA’CAMELHALFA ‘CAMEL HALFACAMEL) SHALF
A ‘CAMELHALF
A‘ CAMEL HALF
A’CAMEL)

YS

+7

Yi

~

Ali Jay and Poacher BOB

te

Oh

EDY

ba

_

CAMEL)

Comedy Rodeo

Oro

ee

er

<n

—

{

7a

Geordie Geoff @ The Maris & Otter

Be cicut WHERE ANYTHING CouLp

os

Ali Jay @ The Maris & Otter

HAPPEN,»

Come and join Ali Jay and Poacher Bob as they share a load of nonsense made up funny stuff and nonsense. Please note: no animals have been

The Brighton Fringe Comedy Rodeo is a wild and unpredictable ride through the best that comedy has to offer. Packed with surprises, oddities,

harmed while making this show. Please also note: This show is in a boozer, but it also sells alcohol-free beverages and chips. Please again also

and plenty of laughs, this show guarantees a unique experience every time. No two nights are the same, as we round up the finest comedians and

note: This show contains references to LGBTQ+ references

eccentric acts from across the 2025 fringe to deliver an unforgettable evening of hilarity. Expect the unexpected, brace yourself for the bizarre,
and get ready for a rollercoaster of comedy that will leave you grinning from ear to ear. Strap in and hold on tight—things are about to get crazy!

Ticket price: £5 (PWYW) 241 deals
Ticket price: £6.50

@alijaycomedy

(0) MCRanff Stand I In
VERY ALERT TO THE
ENERGY FLOW OF
¢

PAKISTANDUP (Work In Progress)

THE ROOM.

Syed Ahmad Raza @ The Maris & Otter
AN ACT
WITH REAL

From Pints to Pilates

a ae

Sam Willet @ The Maris & Otter

eta

POTENTIAL

“PakiStandUp’ is a work-in-progress satirical Comedy show which emphasizes on culturally shocking and hilarious elements and experiences of

anew immigrant in the UK. It also speaks of less representation of Pakistanis in the Comedy Circuit of UK and battles the stereotype of being

Get ready for a hilarious, heartwarming ride as Sam Willett takes you on his uproarious journey from fuelled pub nights to downward dogs and

impulsively considered an Indian because of brown skin in the first glance. This show compares relationship styles, parenting, approach to mental

pilates mats, all in the name of finding inner peace. In this show, Sam shares his adventures in self-discovery, tackling everything from awkward

health, traffic rules, financial struggle, traveling adventures of Pakistan and UK. Overall, it's an amalgam of Sheer Fun and Dark Satire on socio-

fitness classes to the funny realities of moder life. It's a comedy that proves that even in the pursuit of happiness, sometimes the best laughs are

political aspects of both countries. "For God's sake, just let me integrate", says Raza while awkwardly sniffing Fish & Chips. An act with real

found along the way. Please note this is no dry robe show, flat whites must be left at the door.

potential - Hats Funny Comedy, *& *%& %*% ¥%& *& - Intelligent writing, spot on delivery, very alert to the energy flow of the room - NottsComedyReview

Ticket price: Free

by Peter Fox, %& %& %& %& ¥& -HalfaCamel's Kick of the Fringe - Half A Camel, k& &*&
& &

@samwillettcomedy

Ticket price: £7 241 deals
@comedywithraza

Katie Pritchard: | Kiss The Music
Katie Pritchard @ The Maris & Otter

Katie-Rose Petley: Dirty B*tch

laa)
se 7 .
lee

Katie-Rose Petley @ The Maris & Otter

Join multi-award-winning musical comedian, and body roll enthusiast — Katie Pritchard — as she dresses head to toe in the finest unitard she

could make and embarks on this award-nominated arena tour (to the back room of a pub). This “Absolutely electric” (#% ¥%& %& %& % Pepper & Salt)
Ever been upstaged by the Taliban? Or had to talk your dog out of shagging a pigeon? Don't be fooled by the wholesome Canadian accent. Faith,

show features pumping pop anthems and dance moves you never thought the human body capable of. Think Lady Gaga... on acid! WINNER

filth, and the absurd collide in this delightfully dark yet oddly wholesome hour. Dirty B*tch is a shamelessly honest romp through the most

Musical Comedy Awards | NOMINEE Best Variety Show Leicester Comedy Festival 2025 Literally the most hilarious thing in the world - Pepper

outrageous recesses of Katie-Rose's slightly unhinged brain — from unpacking her Christian upbringing to contemplating murder. With rapid-fire

and Salt, %& ¥% ¥& %& ¥& Katie Pritchard is

storytelling, darkly hilarious detours into taboo subjects, and just enough filth to make you think twice about going with your parents, this show is

one4review, &*& *& *&

aone woman comedy music powerhouse - VoiceMag, *& ¥%& ¥& %*& ¥ Katie Pritchard is a force of nature! -

equal parts irreverent and relatable.

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £5 241 deals
Ticket price: Free

@katiepritchards X @katiepritchards gt @katiepritchards

=a

A

@katierosecomedy dt @katierosecomedy
e

Aaand We're Back!

Ob are

Rich Perry, Kerry Herbert and Jim Holland @ The Maris & Otter

is aan

Gttto

May 4th 8pm, May 10th and May 24th 4:15pm

You know the deal; it’s a 50 minute show with three different stand-up comedians. Are they funny? Yes. Is there some sort of theme? Kind of.
Jim's had long Covid which gives him some new material to try out... but he'll need to sit down. Kerry's been on the international circuit doing

ISTH, 16TH & 17TH MAY 2025,
8PM THE MARIS & OTTER,

OY

FR)
a

Y,,

A

\/

~

CAMEL) S HALF A’ CAMEL HALF A ‘CAMELs

ys

~

AWD)UIUH AWD J10H LSWY2)EL neSWY2)Ua1Y

athe

—

“Tv

=)

ALFA CAMELHA
A’LF
CAMEL HALF

—_—_

A

EL HALFA‘CAMELa HALF A‘ CAMEL HALF A'CAMEL

——

®

113-114 WESTERN ROAD,

BRIGHTON, BNI 248,
£5.00

JONNY BROOK

THIS ISN'T THE LIFE
| EXPECTED
Funny stories about sh*t legs

This Isn't The Life | Expected
Jonny Brook @ The Maris & Otter

"This isn't the life | expected" is Jonny Brook's debut stand up show, all about how his sh*t legs have impacted his life. Jonny won the 2022
Breakthrough Act of the Year prize at the 2022 Yorkshire Comedy Awards. Jonny Brook is an adult, but you wouldn't know it from his interactions

2022 YORKSHIRE COMEDY
AWARDS BREAKTHROUGH ACT

with the world, whether it be the many medical appointments he is forced to endure because his legs don't work very well, or his interactions with

comedy in Australia and other exotic locales but is now back in good old Brighty. And Rich... had a cigarette break. It's only a loose theme. We're

members of the sex industry who take pity on him. In and amongst all this, he’s also a dad and grandad, somehow. "Jonny Brook's self

three comedians doing jokes... Aaand we're back! Rich Perry - So You Think You're Funny finalist - Chortle Student Comedy Award finalist -

deprecation echoes Jackie Mason yet here he's talking about disability and his ability to play the system. Smart, funny, and on point as he both

Writer for BBC Radio 4 Extra’s Newsjack Kerry Herbert “Razor-sharp wit” Latest 7 - Funny Women Brighton winner & national semi-finalist -

challenges and reinforces different stereotypes." - Lancashire Post "One person was laughing hard enough that they looked in need of help" -

Presenter of OG comedy podcast, “Kerry on Comedy,” on BHCR.com Jim Holland- “Genuine charm” - The Scotsman - “Delectably quirky and

Notts Comedy Review

inventive” — Fringe Review - “I cried with laughter” - Seann Walsh

Ticket price: £5 2 for 1 deals
Ticket price: FREE

@satdownstandup dt @satdownstandup

A

@Jim__holland @richard_j_perry

s
Ls.)

(mall

HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CA

Ei

nur
A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF ACA

7

\

Graeme Rayner @ The Maris & Otter

Ee

“Krowdwerk" is exactly what you might think — an unscripted crowdwork show. Having several years of MCing experience | want to put those

15T

ea mmm

a:

£550")

“Dadology” is Graeme Rayner’s debut 1 hour show, and includes everything they're not telling you about being a dad. Graeme was a semi-finalist

skills to the test with an interactive, audience-driven show. It will not be an hour of “what's your name and what do you do?” but will instead be a

inthe 2023 British Comedian of the Year competition and is , more importantly, a dad who has spent almost two decades navigating fatherhood

conversational show with topics suggested by the audience etc. If you're coming along, be prepared to get involved! Graeme was a semi-finalist

with varying degrees of success. “Dadology’ offers insight on everything from conception through to adulthood. “The laughs come thick and

-

inthe 2023 British Comedian of the Year competition. “The laughs come thick and fast.” - Lancashire Post “Made me laugh out loud” - David

fast.” - Lancashire Post “Made me laugh out loud” — David Baddiel “In total command of the audience.” — Joe Pasquale. “Heckle him if you dare.

Baddiel “In total command of the audience.” — Joe Pasquale “Heckle him if you dare. You'll be smashed to pieces if you try” — On Yorkshire

You'll be smashed to pieces if you try” - On Yorkshire Magazine

Magazine

Ticket price: £5

Ticket price: £5 2 for1 deals

@gag_n_bone_man XK @gag_n_bone_man

Nerd Mentality: Duel! to the DEATH! (Work In Progress)

BABA @ The Maris & Otter

Merry Martyn PhD and QI Elf Joe Mayo @ The Maris & Otter

Merry Martyn PhD and QI Elf Joe Mayo are brilliant at avoiding conflict (unless you think they aren't). To learn to stand up for themselves, they've

Did you know Baba means wise old woman in Romanian, father in Arabic and baba ghanoush wasn't always made with mayo?? Baba tells tales

challenged each other to a DUEL! to the DEATH! in COMPETITIVE POWERPOINTS! They need to collect data on YOU to decide who lives and

of love in the times of communism, trams and of roots. But where will she find home?...home...home...home Halima is a trained clown and

who dies! This graph-a-minute show is a celebration of all types of nerds. If you spot any typos in this description, this is the show for

professional baba. You have seen her recently at Man Up, quarter finale Sketch Off at the Museum of iii or in an open mic around you.

youadsikfjadsikfj! COME SEE OUR SHOW! No worries if not!

Halima won the Laugh Bath duck award 3 times. She graduated Ecole Philippe Gaulier, Embodied Poetics Lecoq school and Soho Theatre labs.

She worked in applied theatre and collaborated as clown with Clowns Without Borders social circuses in London, Bucharest and Casablanca.

Ticket price: Free

@helloimjoemayo

@halimabutyoucancallmebaba

ees Prosecco | kxhig
rOsecc

Beef and Prosecco

OF

Darren Pizzazz and Rachel Quinn @ The Maris & Otter

heat

Quinn

fe)

Amelia Hamilton @ The Maris & Otter

Rapping sensation Amelia Hamilton presents her debut hour of comedy. Set to an original soundtrack of live rap, Hamilton brings her character

io

30pm

blend of wit, charm, and musical talent in this high-energy stand up hour with “a proper gag in every line”- Chortle She hilariously delves into

Expect chaos, comedy, and questionable decisions from Beef (Darren Pizzazz) and Prosecco (Rachel Quinn). It's a split hour of stand-up,

relatable rap battles with her own intrusive thoughts, campaigns for women in STEM, and questions how not to be forgotten. A featured artist on

ventriloquism (badly done), and sharp observations. Darren Pizzazz, host of Meat Raffle and freelance extreme bingo caller, isn’t sure if he’s

BBC iPlayer and BBC Radio, Runner Up Komedia Comedy Awards 2024, BBC New Comedy Awards Nominee 2024 “Amelia Hamilton breaks the

written a show, but that won't stop him. Armed with a ukulele he resents and a bold new take on ventriloquism, he delivers a spectacle you won't

mold"- BNN

forget—no matter how hard you try. Rachel Quinn, Komedia New Comedy Award Finalist, doesn't look like a comedian—but looks can be

Ticket price: £6 Conc: £5 241 deals

&

.

deceiving. As she makes peace with her past self-limiting beliefs, she delivers sharp, unexpected observations that will catch you off guard—in

the best way possible. Expect a hilarious and uplifting half hour.

@ameliahamiltoncomedy ¢* @ameliahamiltoncomedy

@municipalcomedy X @MunicipalComedy co @municipal.comedy

Top Of The Camel

i

Wenty Two shows. Two venues. Just pure, methodically filtered maximum

variety, unfiltered comedy... ....

Every night
at the Maris and ott

(well, most - “every night” just sounds better, doesn’t

Top of the Camel is your all-access pass to the best of the fest - a curated series
showcasing Half a Camer’s finest and funniest acts.,
Sart bested cael ores sstoa inihs sad kanepickoe cons cammeceas’s

in a rotating lineup of top-tier comedy. Come for the laughs, stay for the mayhem.
One ticket. One hour. A new lineup every time.
This is full frontal, bottomless comedy — and you're right in the thick of it.
@ The Maris & Otter and The Joker.

Tuesdays @ The Joker shows are 2 hours long

Award winning Andy Fox Has So Many Friends! Each show a different line

———

At Half A Camel Nothing's Half Arsed, It Can't Be, We Don't Have One.

Andy Fox grew up on a council estate, won a comedy award, and someho
blagged his way into a full Brighton Fringe run. Don't ask how — just turn
He’s bringing a rotating gang of comics. He has new mates. The old ones are...

i aa ta

acc aad pl
ge

Thu 2 May, Sat 4 May, Sun 5 May, Mon 6 May, Wed 8 May, Mon 13 May, Sat 18 Ma

Wed 22 May, Thu 23 May, Fri 24 May, Sat 25 May, Sun 26 May, Mon 27 Ma

A

Enter the wild and wonderful world of Half a Camel.

Fox &
Friends

Wed 29 May, Thu 30 May, Fri 31 May, Sat 1 June — all shows 9:15pm.

uiaraniee
Ras

"SINUS

A

Ticket price: Free

thes CAMEL HALFA CAMEL HALF A’ CAMEL©) § HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL

J SIU)

— A'Tam

tachel

.

Amelia Hamilton: Forget Me Not

X

DARREN PIZZA2Z

.

E=

v

Ticket price: Free

an

=

@gag_n_bone_man d* @@gag_n_bone_man

BABA

ay

.

a

Ei <2
oa *

Graeme Rayner @ The Maris & Otter

Graeme Rayner: KrowdWerk

Oa 1UH

Diadalogy

YY,

~
_— +>

SHALF
A CAMELHALF
A’CAMEL HALF A‘CAMEL)

J10H HLSWY2)YUH

meas

Y,

4 HALF A‘CAMELi HALF fA CAMEL HALF A'CAMEL

SHALF A CAMELHALF
A CAMEL. HALFA‘CA

HALF
A CAMEL ALFA‘CAMELHALFA‘CAMEL|§ : HALE
A CAMEL HALE A CAMELHALF.A CAMEL)
Molly McBride and Mariah Bowden @ Presuming Ed

Shit

rs

Sam Joseph's Extended Comedy Booby Trap!

OO

tlc)

Sam Joseph @ Presuming Ed

are

A

EIRSt oe

May 6th, 7th and 8th 6;30pm, May 10th and 11th 1:30pm

Sam Joseph delivers his Virtual Reality "Extended Comedy Booby Trap” as a live show. Find out what folks have been splitting their sides to

They've been called many things over the years. Gorgeous (definitely). Hilarious (obviously). Intelligent (mostly). And of course, Slag (F*ck off!
That's just your opinion, Adam). But there's one thing these babes long to be, and that's TOXIC. Molly McBride and Mariah Bowden have joined

around the world! “Superb” - Pete Dickenson (Scriptwriter and Movie Maker) “Very creative” - George Tothill (Chortle Student Comedy Award

i SAM JOSEPH
01273 911 991

forces to bring you, Toxic Femininity. This is a work in progress show that has sold out in venues across London and New Zealand. Next stop,

Finalist 2021) “Strangely watchable” - Gordana Mi¢ié (Groovie Comedy) “Like a geek, grown up” - Markus Birdman (Britain's Got Talent Finalist)

Ticket price: £5 Conc: £3 241 deals

Brighton Fringe. Each with a unique perspective on life, love and everything in between, these championsare just trying to survive. And most

@tansaku X @tansakuu cf @spartansaku

importantly, stay toxic! If you're a human, with human experiences, this is the show for you. Don't miss out on your chance to see these rising

Ticket price: FREE _ it's an experience. Molly and Mariah eat, breath and sleep Toxic Femininity. Join the party or get left behind.

ae on Comic Adventures (Work In Progress)
=1' Soay |
Ba
as m@P
Ed

<Comical Adventures... \ Sanjar qiam
h

Ay

Ai,

Tim
& Olly: y

eee

Alt Comedy @ Presuming Ed

May 2nd 5:15pm and 3rd 5:15pm

f

4

all live in a world which is shaped by the culture we were born into, but we are not always aware of it. | think | have seen a few things and become aware of
.

ay

[I DORADA
AME Aa

Plc)
athe

Mat 6th 7:45pm, 13th 7:45pm, 20th 7:45pm and 27th 7:45pm

The most funny thing in the world is to notice when ours, but particularly when others' assumptions are outdated, too serious or downright obnoxious. We

x

A Smorgasbord
of Nothin g
g

Joining forces to bring their esoteric & existentialist comedy stylings, Tim & Olly are playing at the Brighton Fringe for four nights only! Olly is in his

others enough to make you laugh. Also at The Caxton Arms

20s and has already had a colonoscopy. Tim recently moved to the UK trying to fill an existential void in his life but it’s left him feeling more alone

Ticket price: FREE

and directionless. Will these two lost souls manage to find answers in an answerless world or is life just a SMORGASBOARD OF NOTHING?

@saniman

A

work in progress

@ Presuming

Chie)
ae
4s

Ticket price: FREE

“Y,

-

ri

Good Grief

Francisco de Nata

¢

>

‘

oy

-

.

Francisco de Nata @ Presuming Ed

xf

Ree

May 2nd 6:30pm, 3rd 6:45pm, 4th 6:45pm and May 5th 4pm

—

R ey}16

.

Aoife Dunne @ Presuming Ed
Aoife Dunne blends stand-up and storytelling in a fast, fearless comedy show about grief, resilience, and life’s unexpected turns. A rising star in

Step into the joyful and absurd world of Francisco de Nata — A Giraffe. In a G-string. With a job to do. In this non-verbal clown show, featuring

Irish comedy, she weaves razor-sharp humour with honest storytelling, turning personal disasters into comedy gold. From funerals gone wrong to

audience interaction, puppetry, and yes, a very special Portuguese custard tart, Francisco de Nata invites you on a playful journey where

Nees

~~

disastrous breakups and questionable life choices, Aoife finds the funny in places you'd least expect. She takes the audience on a hilarious,

nonsense, vulnerability, and childlike wonder take centre stage. Tasked with painting a ceiling, Francisco's world soon unravels into chaos as he

me

heartfelt ride through life’s messiest moments. If you've ever had your plans go up in smoke or madea terrible decision—this show is for you.

stumbles through strange situations, unexpected challenges, and finds himself discovering what truly matters — all while waiting for something...

Ticket price: £9 Conc: £7

or someone. The clock is ticking, the paint is drying, and in the midst of all the surprises, there's a quiet sense of returning to somewhere we've

always known. A tender, ridiculous and heartfelt story following a Giraffe's love for his Avé (Grandma) and the world around him, but will it all come

@aoife_is_never_dunne

together for Francisco de Nata before the timer goes off?

THE BEAUTY OF BEING H ERD »
"ICONIC"

0k OI

“BONKERS”

odd

@franciscothegiraffe

A

Ticket price: Free

The Beauty of Being Herd

Paul Hilleard - I've got ideas (Work In Progress)

“HE

0

Ruth Berkoff @ Presuming Ed

at

Paul Hilleard

@ Presuming Ed

Z\

+

V/

@tim.ohare93

May 2nd 7:45pm, 3rd 5:15pm, 24th 7:45pm and 25th 5:15pm

The Beauty of Being Herd is a heartfelt comedy about a woman who's decided to live as a sheep. It's got original songs, gentle audience

The BBC New Comedian of the year 2024 is trying to write his first hour. Come watch him fail and succeed as he spouts nonsense about bus

interaction and a rave. Clowning, awkward parties and more sheep facts than you can shakea stick at. This a show for anyone who's ever felt like

drivers, yoga & Epstein.

an outsider. There are themes of neurodiversity, loneliness and consent, but it's presented with knickers on the head and a load of nonsense,

Ticket price: FREE

hilarity and a sprinkling of frolicking. Runner up for Best Newcomer and Best New Writing at Manchester Fringe 2024, The Beauty of Being Herd

@acatnamedpeaches

is fresh from SOLD OUT shows at Camden People’s Theatre and Glasgow Comedy Festival. Directed by Georgia Murphy. Sound design by

Isolde Lachlan. "Bizarre, bonkers and beautiful!" %& %& % %& %& (FairyPowered Productions) "We frolick like lambs, bleat like sheep, and dance at a
rave" ¥& %&%&
%¥& %& (West End Best Friend) "Heartfelt and honest. A piece of theatre which will resonate with many" *& %& %*& ¥& (Theatre and Tonic)

“Side-splittingly funny and so fundamentally relatable” *& %& % %& (Forge Press) “This is a show about belonging. As an autistic person who has

This Can't Be It (WIP)

struggled to belong her whole life, | have never felt so seen” (Audience feedback)

lear]

Ticket price: £10 (£5 concession)

Lawrence Dodd @ Presuming Ed

Bennet Kavanagh: Work in Progress

fire
tr 3

A.

This Can't Be It is an experimental comedy show about trying—and failing—to make sense of it all. Loz Dodd believes he’s creating something

Bennet Kavanagh @ Presuming Ed
May 28th and 29th 6:30pm, May 30th and 31st 5:15pm

dance, spoken word and a meandering stand up routine about having hands, in a desperate attempt to find meaning. It's messy, foolish, and wildly
imperfect—but Loz does it all with wide-eyed conviction, convinced there’s something worth discovering in the absurdity. Or maybe not. Either

Musical comedian Bennet Kavanagh (Bath Comedy Festival New Act of the Year Winner, Amused Moose Comedy Award People's Champion)

way, he’s giving it everything he's got. Expect surreal detours, anarchic energy, and moments of strange beauty as Loz stumbles through his own

presents a work-in-progress hour of new material. There will be songs. There will be stand-up. There will not be blood. As seen on Britain's Got

matters. Probably. “oozes originality and innovation... like watching a quiet existential crisis unfold in front of me” - Dan Jones “A surreal act

chaotic’ %& %& %& % -TheReviewsHub. A strong act that promises to be unique, entertaining, and charismatic - TheReviewsHub, * *& *& *&

Ticket price: £5 Conc: £3 241 deals

@bennetkav X @bennetkav ch @bennetkav

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF ACA

v

confusion while trying to make sense of yours. Will it all come together? Or will it fall apart spectacularly? Loz doesn’t know—but he’s sure it

Talent. Shortlisted for the BAFTA Rocliffe TV Comedy Writing Initiative 2019. 'Actually..that was funny' -Simon Cowell. 'Unique and charmingly

blurring the lines between performance art and comedy” — Betwixt Cabaret

Page One
c

Ticket price: £8 (PWYW)

:

@pleaselozplease @itsraygoldsby

(HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF A CA

c-

HALF
A

~~

monumental. He might be wrong. But that won't stop him from throwing himself headfirst into the chaos, weaving together fragments of song,

SS

EL EY IH EL US 1UH L SW
0 J10H

22
bs

\/

~

a

A CAMEL HALE A‘CAMEL
HALF A CAMEIL HALF

Toxic Femininity (WIP)

ING. a1

——

——

d

L HALE A‘CAMEL

HALF
A CAMEL ALFA‘CAMELHALFA‘CAMEL)|§

HALF
A ‘CAMEL HALF A’CAMEL
HALF A'CAMEL:
—_—

—_>_

—

Emma Davies & Mahesh Khil @ Presuming Ed

Low Effort Sketches @ Presuming Ed

Screw Upz, is a 90s game show mash-up about messing up in the workplace. The show was part of Camden People's Theatre, Sprint festival in

Multi award-winning sketch duo Low Effort Sketches bring their sell-out Edinburgh show to Brighton! Andy and Alice are riding high, but behind

March. Emma is a comedy performer, a Soho Character Comedy Lab alumni and Leicester Square Theatre's Sketch Off 2025 Semi Finalist.

the scenes all is not well. Andy wants to bring creative flair to the group, but Alice is fed up with him constantly going off-script. A surprise twist

a

A

Low Effort Sketches: As Described

AWG IH EL US IUH "AWY2.U IH EY a1

als
Screw Upz

drives a wedge between them - will they overcome their differences, or is this the end of Low Effort Sketches? Either way, your eardrums will

Ticket price: £8

never be the same again. Silly, fourth-wall breaking sketch comedy with ‘a fantastic sense of surreal mischief’ (Spectator). Winners of Leicester

Square Theatre Sketch Off 2022 and Get Up, Stand Up 2023. ‘Hilarious’ (Chortle). - ‘A masterclass in sketch comedy’ *%& *& *% ¥%&% (The Tab). -

@maheshkhil @emmarosedavies

‘Beautifully crafted’ %& ¥% %& %& 1 (The Reviews Hub). - ‘An hour of endless laughs’ * %& *& %&7 (Varsity). - ‘A great offbeat hidden gem’ * *& *& *&
(Lothian Life). - ‘Better than it has any right to be’ *& ¥%& %& ¥& (ThreeWeeks). - ‘Impossible to describe’ % %& %& ¥& (Ed Fest Mag).

Ticket price: £5 Conc: £3 241 deals

Space Planet Mission: The Improvised Sci-Fi Epic

@low.effort.sketches X @WeAreLowEffort ct @low.effort.sketches

Space Planet Mission @ Presuming Ed

Improbable planets full of extraordinary extraterrestrials. Everyday eccentricity set against an intergalactic backdrop. Civilisations so silly they

=

should be swallowed by a black hole. This is Space Planet Mission, the funniest sci-fi epic in the universe. It could be set in Earth's dystopian

David Anthony - Treason (Work In Progress)
David Anthony @ Presuming Ed

Geile.
7;;
£

=

Opa

:

cosmically dumb fun, accompanied live by an improvised sci-fi soundtrack. The cast of Space Planet Mission trained and teach at leading improv

Join David Anthony for a work in progress about tradition, culture and coming to terms with being English. Raised in Lewes, East Sussex, David

school The Free Association. They have performed in many of The FA's most popular shows, including critically acclaimed Edinburgh fringe hits 3

will explore with honesty the good and bad to one of this country’s strangest celebrations.

A

~

~

near-future, or a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away. But you won't need to know your Klingons from your Cylons. Join us for a supernova of

and St Doctor's Hospital, and in the West-End phenomenon Austentatious.

Ticket price: £3 Conc: £2

@davidanthonycomedy
@spmimprov

Ben Goldsmith: Memory

lee

Ben Goldsmith @ Presuming Ed

ii

Jessie Nixon: Work In Progress
Jessie Nixon @ Presuming Ed

rate

Del bearm
Ben needs to put on a big Hollywood show but, annoyingly, the end-of-the-world has got in his way. A new idea from character comedian Ben
Goldsmith, who returns to the Brighton Fringe with a new character comedy hour. Praise for his last show, CrimeLandTown, below: "An Insane

Nixon comes to Brighton with actual good jokes to tell, but yearns to be more than that, with a show including confessions, music and poems for

Upcoming, * *& %& % - Truly fantastic puns and running jokes - Broadway World, *& *%& *& *&

those who like their standup with layers. Your awful boyfriend will like it too. ‘Her material is warmly delivered but has a bit of bite’ Chortle ‘Her

Ticket price: Free

‘

material is strong, and it's clear she has far more show ready material in the locker’ Clownster Comedy ‘She doesn't remind me of anyone I've
seen before, which is a good sign. And she makes me laugh’ Bruce Desseau (Beyond the Joke)

@bengoldsmithlol

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £6 242 deals

Ob iC)
Ker ar

Jaz Mattu @ Presuming Ed

ra

a

a

fates of the Island's inhabitants through their dirty laundry. As we meet more characters, a picture of an Island ill-at-ease unfolds. Intertwining

\

Everyone is here for Jaz Mattu’s and his unique brand of absurdist, theatrical, multimedia stand-up comedy. You should be too. (PWYW).

Z\

We are in the Speed Queen, the last launderette on the Isle of Wight! In a fictional laundry, we follow Pet, the ancient proprietor, as she divines the

Featured in SKINNYS TOP 10 ALT COMEDY ED-FRINGE PICKS 2024 "A talented performer, with a great sense of comedic timing... Mattu has

untold myths and hidden histories of the Isle of Wight with original music, Speed Queen is a dark solo comedy that explores the state of isolation

created something truly unique." ENTERTAINMENT NOW * *& %* ¥ "If you're tired of watching predictable comedy, Jaz's show is for you."

and false-narratives in contemporary England. “The debut solo hour from 2024 Sketch Off! Finalist and "one-to-watch" (LMAOnise) for 2025,

SCOTSUP * * ¥ %*& "Great to watch if you like innovative comedy." POW SHOWBIZ * ¥* %* %* "Ambitious and Innovative" FEST "Mattu has

Ozzy Algar. "Must-see" DIVA Magazine Their comic timing is superb - Sinners Music “Ozzy Algar possessing all the star quality required” - Live

a great deal of creativity and ingenuity" BROADWAY BABY

London Review “Most peculiar character” - Chortle

Ticket price: £5 (pwyw)

@ozzyalgar

@jazmattuofficial

[el eeeDe)
LEIAIMPIRIOV

Isabelle Glinn @ Presuming Ed

al

The Elephant in the Room: An Improvised Comedy Show
Leamprov @ Presuming Ed

‘Notflix the Improvised Musical’ Isabelle Glinn presents a new solo show entirely On Ice. “Over-confident in her sporting abilities” - Broadway

An Improvised

World *& *& *& ¥&

Comedy Show

May 31st and June 1st 1:30pm

A quick-fire family friendly improvised sketch show chock full of fast-paced performing and silly short comedy sketches. The Elephant in the

Room is... we have no idea what the show will be about! We will be performing comedy sketches and theatre games crafted from suggestions

A.

The Elephant in the
Room:

A surreal musical comedy show about competitive figure skating. From the five star award winning shows ‘CSI: Crime Scene Improvisation’ and

from the audience and made up completely on the fly. In the style of such classics as "Whose line is it anyway?", we'll be bringing an hour of

Ticket price: £5 (PWYW) 241 deals

giggles, games and silliness.

@isabelleglinn

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF ACA

Ticket price: £8 Conc: £5 241 deals

©) @leamprov ch @leamprov

;

HALF A'CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALFA CA

“Y,

~~

Ce hi

May 25th 9pm and June 1st 6:30pm

Isabelle Glinn On Ice

HALFA

Jaz Mattu: Everyone Is Here

A

@jessienixoncomedy

Ozzy Algar, Tanika Lay-Meachen and BIGHEAD Comedy @ Presuming an

Ticket price: Free

eet
rare
BSS

Jessie Nixon is a tour de force comedian with something to say. She just doesn’t know what right now. Forged in the fires of the UK club circuit,

Amount of Fun" %& %&%
% The Upcoming - * *% %& %& The Wee Review - *% %& %& %& Broadway World - %& %& %& ¥& EdFringe - One of a Kind- The

Ozzy Algar: Speed Queen

Spe ge

c-

xf

V/

HALF A‘CAMELi HALF A’

Ticket price: Free

A CAMEL HALFA ‘CAMELHALFA‘CAMEL)
ALFA‘CAMEL HALFA’CAMELHALFA‘CAMEL) HALF
a

Part stand-up, part actual pub quiz. Quick-witted Alex Love brings his highly interactive hour show to Brighton Fringe, where the audience are

After 10 years away from the spotlight, Alec Crane returns with his gift. Join him as he communicates with the world beyond, which, with the right

split into teams to compete against each other for prizes. Expect plenty of trivia, obscure references, and the host being needlessly petty over
points. The show has sold-out four years at Edinburgh Fringe and been performed as far afield as Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, and

guidance, can be controlled. "He won't leave us alone" - Magnus Charleston (died 1876) "Don't trust him" - A high-end T.V. Producer. "Alec

Swindon. The original squid game. ‘It is hilarious... Love appears to be the epitome of those times you are in the shower thinking: “Oh, it would

Crane... held the audience in the palm of his hand with his comedic timing and dramatic delivery" - Reviewing Brighton for Murder at The Manor.

@alec_prancing_about_in_comedy

have been really cool if | had said THAT“’ — ArtMurmurs.NZ. - ‘Whether winners or losers, everyone left happy. If you enjoy audience interaction, as
well as a quiz delivered by a skilful host with a twinkle in his eye, then do go along. It's fun’ %* %& %& % - Broadway Baby. - “That the energy and
humour are maintained throughout the show is testament to Love's ability to work an audience." - DenOfGeek.com - Love is a confident, relaxed

Ticket price: Free

performer who makes his audience fee! at ease... - BroadwayBaby.com, %& ¥%& ¥%* ¥ -It is fun for all.- One4Review, % ¥% %& ¥% - | had so much fun...
How To Win A Pub Quiz combines my love of facts and clever comedy. - ArtMurmurz.nz, &*&*&*&*&

@howtowinapubquiz

Richard Todd: Fine, Fine, Everything's Fine

Ticket price: £8 Conc: £6 2 41 deals

Richard Todd @ Presuming Ed

Alex MacKeith: WIP
Alex MacKeith @ Presuming Ed

Neurotic, overwrought and award-winning comedian Todd reminisces on his experiences working at a drop in for homeless and vulnerable
adults, and attempting to run art groups there. Expect to discover: alternative receptacles for tepid mince takeaways when Tupperware is not on

A

A big couple of years for the winner of the 2020 Musical Comedy Awards. Script got made into a feature film. Got married. Heart scare. More

tap; alternative solutions to broken windscreens wipers in a rain storm; and how the phrase ‘double bed’ is not to be taken lightly. He'll also be

honest now, join him for songs about horror movies, walks on the beach, plants, parenthood, loss and vegetarians as he builds up a new hour and

drawing to help ease his anxiety. May his doodles keep his demons at bay. Warm, personal, unique, and very funny.- CHORTLE, *& ¥%& %& %& -A

grapples with the awesome legacy of writing one of Stephen King's favourite films of 2023. Edinburgh Fringe Sell-Out Show 2022, BBC New

comic with the ability to do surrealism, storytelling and exquisitely crafted wordplay. - THE SCOTSMAN, * %& %& %& - An eccentrically created

Comedy Awards 2023 Semi-Finalist, British Independent Film Awards 2024 Debut Screenwriter Longlist. ‘An hour of songs that span the

world that you can't pull away from even if you wanted to. -THE LIST, ¥& *%& ¥& ¥&

sublime to the ridiculous - mostly the latter - written and performed by a sophisticated talent’ %& % %& %& Chortle -*& %* %& % Wee Review

@richardtoddtodd

-%& & & &LondonTheatre - %&%&
%& %& One4Review -% %& %& % OnTheMic - % %& 4% ¥% X& Pick of the Fringe

@alexmackeith

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £5

Ticket price: £5 (£3)

Katie Davison: 60 Minute Millionaire

Annabel Edmonds does a live read-through of her sitcom

Katie Davison @ Presuming Ed

scripts to critical acclaim and universal approval

May 24th 5:15pm, May 25th and 26th 4pm

Annabel Edmonds @ Presuming Ed

Become a millionaire in just 60 minutes, with tips from Mr MoneyBags himself, Steve Boobis”. This is a ‘Wealth Accumulation Seminar’, not a
comedy show. Less ‘get rich quick’ and more 'become wealthy fast' - big difference. *Real live millionaire: not a comedian in a bald-cap.

Character comedy show performed by Katie Davison (@karactersonline). As seen on BBC Three, heard on BBC Radio. ‘Hilarious’
‘Annabel Edmonds doesa live read through of her sitcom scripts to critical acclaim and universal approval' does EXACTLY what it says on the tin.

(BroadwayWorld.com)

Annabel Edmonds is a comedy writer whose work has appeared on BBC Radio 4, BBC Radio Scotland and every stage the Brighton comedy

@karactersonline

crime spoof for anyone with great taste. When Rosie discovers that her steak sandwich has been stolen from the office fridge, she creates her

Ticket price: Free

A

scene has to offer. Come see fantastic actors do a live read-through of her sitcom scripts 'Steak Out' and 'Gimme Shelter’. Steak Out is a true

own true crime podcast to bring the thief to justice. Gimme Shelter is a fast-paced comedy drama about working in a homeless shelter. Housing

worker Jess battles chronic underfunding, local politics and her own terrible personality to prove that she deserves a promotion - or, at least, not

George Harvey Comedy

to get suspended again.

@annabel_edmonds_comedy ¢* @AnnabelEdComedy

George Harvey @ Presuming Ed

Ticket price: Free
George Harvey is considered by many to be the best act from the knees down. His whimsical take on the mundane, paired with his high-energy
stage presence, has led promoters to call him “the greatest rockstar in the world.” George is building up to his first 45 minutes, and has invented

his groundbreaking "work in progress" labelling for this event. Surely every joke will be pure gold.

Chris East: Boxes Boxes Boxes (Work In Progress)

@georgeharveycomedy
Ticket price: Free

Chris East's new show is all about boxes. It's a comedy show about cardboard boxes, the people who use them and what gets put inside them.

Spoons', was hailed as “A masterclass in deadpan maintenance at the edge of absurdity” (The Reviews Hub) and "unnerving and amusing, with

Robocop Vs. The Terminator Vs. Gabriel Featherstone
Gabriel Featherstone @ Presuming Ed
May 23rd 5:15pm and May 25th 7:45pm

just a soup¢on of ennui.” (The Wee Review) As well as an ongoing web series 'East Meets’, Chris has recently written and directed the online
short 'The Breakup’ and BOXES BOXES BOXES is a work-in-progress of a second solo show. One of the UK's most underrated character

dwelling loons.” - Rob Wringham, New Escapologist Winner of one twenty-fifth of three Scottish Comedy Awards and one eleventh of a

Hayes, or Luke Rollason then th - Phoenix Remix, % % % %& - A masterclass in deadpan maintenance at the edge of absurdity - Reviews Hub

Reykjavik Fringe Award. Robocop: A relentless cyborg supercop from the mean streets of Detroit. The Terminator: An unstoppabble, remorseless

A.

“Wild, inventive comedy for fans of Emo Philips and Nick Lutsko.” — Chris Thorbum, Breaking The News. “The worthy heir to a noble line of fringe-

comedians - a strange and wonderful mind - Starburst Magazine, %* % % %& - Very funny, and very peculiar. If you enjoyed Doctor Brown, Freddie

killing machine from a nightmarish future. Gabriel Featherstone: A pretty good stand-up comedian who wrote a viral tweet about Tinky-Winky's

@chreast

sex life and a cool song about Shrek being good. These three titans of entertainment will face off in a bloody, mind-mangling, no holds barred
battle to the death! Also, Gabe might do some fun alternative comedy. Free entry on the door if you bring a homemade scarecrow that provably

Ticket price: Free

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF ACA

looks like your Dad.

v

HALFA

l

als

pear

Ticket price: £6 Conc: £3 241 deals

@gabefeatherstone X @WinkyTinky

;

HALF A CAMEL HALF A’ CAMEL HALF ACA

c-

~

xf

Lex Love @ Presuming Ed

—

elk

That's it. Chris East is an absurdist clown, sketch and character comedian from London. His debut show ‘My Brain is Soup, Your Hands are the

—

Plere

Alec Crane @ Presuming Ed

Chris East @ Presuming Ed

/

How To Win A Pub Quiz

>_>

AWG IH HL SW JH "AWY2.U IH EY a1

An Hour of Controlling The Dead - With Alec Crane

a

HALF A‘CAMEL HALF A’ CAMEL HALE A‘CAMEL

—_—

Comic Adventures (Work In Progress)
Sanjar qiam @ Presuming Ed
EE

PeONES.

The most funny thing in the world is to notice when ours, but particularly when others' assumptions are outdated, too serious or
downright obnoxious. We all live in a world which is shaped by the culture we were born into, but we are not always aware of it. |
think | have seen a few things and become aware of others enough to make you laugh.

Ticket price: Free
@san1iman

Daft Junk
Richard Wooflord @ Presuming Ed

Join absurdist Richard Wooflord, Winner of the Turnip Prize 2022 (the Turner prize for really really bad art) as he presents a whole
bunch of daft junk he’s made that he hopes you'll find funny. Journey into his tiny idiotic mind of DIY art, music, puns, props,
inventions, games and life lessons all hooked onto a flimsy obligatory narrative about being seriously ill (true story) before ending
on an upbeat positive crescendo of nonsense. Support from Willy Turnup TBC A might see event of the year! - Winner - G&B

Weird & Wonderful - Winner - Dabbers Judges Winner - Winner - Turnip Prize Winner - Leicester Comedy Festival Best Sketch 2nd Place UK Pun Championships- 2nd Place COFILMIC Best Sketch Once described as the closest thing to the radiator.

Ticket price: Free
@richard.wooflord

Beauty and the Ballsack
Polly Does Things @ Presuming Ed

Caution: may contain PESKY FEMINIST NUTS.* Kev feels insecure about his ballsack. From weeping about wrinkles, to depression about drooping. Join

our host for a celebration of these deeply-defamed danglers and help every bollock feel beach-ballsack-ready. Together, we'll break down beauty ideals,

titillate with testicle facts and smash societal scrotum shaming. Features 263 photos of nuts, don't bring your nan.** *Interruptions from pesky women nuts
WILL NOT be tolerated. This show is a FAN CLUB FOR BALLS, not some kind of FEMINIST NONSENSE. So, women, please DO NOT email your
experiences with unsolicited comments people have made about your body to beautyandtheballsack@gmail.com **Please enjoy the entirely irrelevant
photo. The host has ADHD and decided to perform at the last minute, having

Ticket price: Free

@pollydoesthings

THE
THERMOS
MUSEUM

The Thermos Museum
Neil Davidson @ Presuming Ed

The Thermos Museum (Neil Davidson) returns to Brighton with three new stories :- "When | was young", "Gangster", and '"The Boring relation".
None of these have anything to do with thermoses, or museums. Amidst all the reviews and awards, the following comment stands out: - "

Bewildering ". Just some old guy reading his books may sound dull, but one musn't forget the secret ingredient : - His drawings... These are
projected onto a giant screen. - In Fact there is ongoing debate about which is more stimulating - the words or the pictures. We recommend

attending the show, to decide for yourself... Edinburgh Fringe wouldn't be the same without The Thermos Museum - The Times, ®* * *& *& *& Deadpan throughout - Broadway baby, * *& *& *& ¥&

@thermosmuseumbooks
Ticket price: Free

HALF
A ‘CAMEL HALFA’CAMELHALFA'CAMEL)
Charlotte Madden & Piran Armes: Mid

lel

Government, In Their Own Stupid Words

Charlotte Madden & Piran Armes @ The Caxton Arms

ba
:

May 3rd 5:30pm, 10th 5:45pm and 11th 5:30pm

Harun Musho'd @ The Caxton Arms

A

Harun Musho'd: A History Of The Last Conservative

but still devastatingly exciting. Charlotte is wise and frivolous. A Brighton cliche - child-free, animal obsessed, has secular candles. She grew-up
in the countryside with a devilishly complex family. Charlotte's got her shit together, life's testing her, but she's riding the rollercoaster, and laughing

have to. He will read out the worst parts of those memoirs, and fact check them. You will then laugh at how stupid these people are. That's the

about it along the way. Piran is a born and bred Brightonian with a daft outlook on life, he's never quite seemed to fit in. He has an odd name, a job

show. It’s the worst idea forashow that Harun has ever had because, to research the show, he had to read the memoirs of David Cameron,

nobody understands and now he's reflecting on how his upbringing led him to the quirky character he seems to have landed himself as. A new

Theresa May, Liz Truss, Nadine Dorries, Matt Hancock and Boris Johnson. Funny, but it's also something of a public service - Lancaster Guardian,

stand-up comedy show from two Brighton-dwelling friends having a lot of fun working out what's going on, or not.

*& & & & - If you get a chance to see this and miss it then you are a fool! - Radio Faversham, *& %& ¥% %& ¥%& -Excellent show. Sharp and witty

Ticket price: Free

comedy.- Fringe Review

@madden_charlotte @piranarmes

Ticket price: £6 Conc: £4

@harunmushod X @harunmushod

sas WO RS

sastien

Shalaka Kurup: Work in Progress

.

Eee

err:

A surreal musical comedy show about competitive figure skating. From the five star award winning shows ‘CSI: Crime Scene Improvisation’ and

Shalaka hasa mental disorder, but which one? A work-in-progress for her debut hour, this is a show about a comedian in therapy. Revolutionary!

.\

‘Notflix the Improvised Musical’ Isabelle Glinn presents a new solo show entirely On Ice. “Over-confident in her sporting abilities” - Broadway

World & & %& &

A

arsenc! of cool,

sardonk stand-up”

ae

Isabelle Glinn @ The Caxton Arms

DIE

“on impressive

Omg

O)

Ope

Isabelle Glinn On Ice

Shalaka Kurup @ The Caxton Arms

Join Shalaka in her journey to convince her therapist that she needs a diagnosis (any will do) so that she can be content. Or better yet, interesting.
About Shalaka: A doctor by education and a comedian by choice, Shalaka has shot onto the UK circuit receiving numerous awards, winning West
End New Act of the Year, runner up Brighton Komedia New Act of the year and second runner up Leicester Mercury Comedian of the Year. As

Ticket price: £5 (PWYW) 241 deals
@isabelleglinn

seen on BBC One, Comedy Central Live and Channel 4 Digital. “An impressive arsenal of cool, sardonic stand-up"- Chortle "Deadpan joy"-

James Walsh

An Evening with The Gallaghers

Ticket price: £3

Jonny Brick @ The Caxton Arms

@shalakakurup X @shalakakurup c* @shalakakurup
HALE

A

CAMEL

PROGUCTIONS

PRESENT

Couch to 10 Minutes
Paul Haines @ The Caxton Arms

Ob

AC

Following shows about Bob Dylan, Garth Brooks, George Michael and Robbie Williams, | grab a guitar and busk the Gallagher brothers’
Songbook, mixing in factoids, hidden gems and, this year, a lyrics quiz too!

; a

Ticket price: £5

a)
4 new comedians embark on the ultimate new near resolution - to get a 10 minute set of stand up comedy ready in time for the Brighton Fringe.

Rosie James: Town Crier (Work In Progress)

Plime

Will they do it? Will people laugh? There is only one way to find out. George Harvey as MC and a special guest comedian too!

Rosie James @ The Caxton Arms

Beer ;
Cele:

Ticket price: Free
May 22nd 6:45pm and 25th 5:30pm

A

@couchto10minutes
Rosie James follows a sell-out Brighton Fringe 2024 split bill ("Rosie & Steph Are Alive’ with Steph Cassin) with her first Work in Progress solo

Spuds: Tattiest in Business

a Fa

Spuds @ The Caxton Arms

:
Elenco

stand-up hour. Rosie's sunny disposition is somewhat undermined bya lifelong identity crisis, a nagging sense of existential dread... and quite a
lot of crying. Her original comedic style mixes offbeat observations and personal revelations with simmering emotional undercurrents, smart
punchlines and big laughs. “Probably the funniest stand-up that I've ever seen. About town criers, that is. | heard a rumour she's gonna lean more
heavily on that bit in her 2025 show, and add more stuff about how she cries a lot, and call it Town Crier. If true, that's genius. And if not true, she

Z\

V/

can read this and do the idea anyway now, so either way it'll be a brilliant and probably award-worthy show” — Anonymous comedy fan, 2024

xf

“Rosie has a real gift for turning tears into laughter — and vice versa” — Rosie's family

Dave and Greg: two clueless Potatoes have found themselves in command of a teleshopping channel. Catch these manic man-child tatties:

Ticket price: Free

selling bizarre goods, fighting, schmoozing with the shoppers, and navigating a precarious existence. This interactive show is a surreal

Heit

rollercoaster ride into couch capitalism and the starchy mentalists behind it. These budding spuds will win your heart, steal your dog, and maybe

Comet

@rosiejamesie c* @rosiejamesie

sell it back to you.

Ed Mulvey: Pregnant Gollum

Ticket price: Free

@tatties_on_tour

The Thermos Museum

THERMOS
MUSEUM

Neil Davidson @ Presuming Ed

Ed Mulvey @ The Caxton Arms

S

As the beer belly two fists itself out of control, Ed Mulvey faces his greatest challenge, maintaining a slender frame with distinctive podge
throughout this years’ festivals. But what is Ed pregnant with? Congratulations, its an hour of irrelevant social commentary and dick jokes.
Described as having “well-spoken awkward charm” (Entertainment Now) and a “first-rate joke writer” (The Scotsman), Ed will delight and upset
with an evening of tummy-tumingly good standup. Next wave feminist nerd comedy from the Elon Musk of emotions.

The Thermos Museum (Neil Davidson) returns to Brighton with three new stories :- "When | was young", "Gangster", and '"The Boring relation”.
None of these have anything to do with thermoses, or museums. Amidst all the reviews and awards, the following comment stands out: - "

A.

~

Join rising comedy stars, Piran and Charlotte, as they explore being proper grown-ups (ish). Middle class, middle of the road, mid-quality humans

Harun Musho‘d has read the memoirs of David Cameron, Theresa May, Liz Truss, Nadine Dorries, Matt Hancock and Boris Johnson, so you don't

Ticket price: £7 (PWYW)

@mulveyed X @edward_mulvey

Bewildering ". Just some old guy reading his books may sound dull, but one musn't forget the secret ingredient : - His drawings... These are
projected onto a giant screen. - In Fact there is ongoing debate about which is more stimulating - the words or the pictures. We recommend

v

attending the show, to decide for yourself... Edinburgh Fringe wouldn't be the same without The Thermos Museum - The Times, * *& *& *& * Deadpan throughout - Broadway baby, *%& %& %& %&

@thermosmuseumbooks
Ticket price: Free

_

ee

et

ALF A'CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CA

;

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF ACA

c-

|

AWG IH EL US 1UH "AWY2.U IH EY a1

als

a

HALF A‘CAMELi HALF A’ CAMEL HALE A‘CAMEL

HALF
A CAMEL ALFA‘CAMELHALFA‘CAMEL)|§

——

L HALE A‘CAMEL

HALF
A CAMEL ALFA‘CAMELHALFA‘CAMEL)|§

HALF
A ‘CAMEL HALF ACAMEL
HALF A'CAMEL:
—_—

—_>_

—

Palm Tree In London

lirics)

Lance Mao: Chinese P€pp@ P!g

4

a

IN LONDON
CRECTIO
FY CE RMATY ROE

eed

May 23rd, 24th, 25th and 26th 6:30pm

al

eats

Lance Mao @ Presuming Ed

"Palm Tree in London” is a poignant two-character play that explores the cultural dichotomy between the white and black races, infused with

Lance spent the first half of his life in Hungary, and the second half in the UK. He's never fit in and it had finally caught up with him.

subtle comedy to lighten the narrative. This story delves deeply into the complexities and tensions that arise from these cultural intersections,

One day he has a vision of a pig with main character energy who escapes captivity and embarks on a life-changing adventure in

shedding light on the rich, diverse heritage that each group brings to the table. By highlighting the importance of unity in diversity, the play

search of meaning. Step into the dark fever dream of a Chinese immigrant in this candid, auto-biographical stand-up show about

PROOLCED
FY OA CROOA

SAGE WARAGES GUC VAUAIOE

A

Instinct Pictures @ Presuming Ed

underscores the potential for harmonious coexistence and mutual enrichment when different cultures come together. The play centers around

racism, mental health, facing your fears, and what it means to be human. NOT FOR KIDS OR FARM ANIMALS Get-Up Stand Up

two characters who embody the respective cultural backgrounds and experiences of the white and black communities. Through their

New Comedian of the Year 2024 Finalist - “One of the most honest pieces of comedy I've seen" (Audience review) “Devastatingly

interactions, the narrative reveals the personal and societal struggles each character faces. Their dialogues and conflicts provide a thorough

funny" (Audience review) “He needs a real therapist" (Aldi cashier)

chronicle of the tensions and misunderstandings that have historically plagued societies, revealing how deeply rooted prejudices and historical
injustices can impede progress toward true unity. The subtle comedy interwoven throughout their exchanges addsa layer of relatability and

Ticket price: FREE (PWYW)

warmth, making the heavy themes more accessible and engaging. Throughout the play, there is a persistent effort to advocate for equity and

@lancemao_ </ @lancemao

justice. The palm tree, a symbol of resilience and growth, embodies the hope for a future where cultural differences are not just tolerated but
celebrated. Yet, this vision of equity is constantly tested by various challenges, both external and internal.

Ticket price: £15 Conc: £10 241 deals

Good Grief

@lInstinctpictures J* @instinctpictures

Aoife Dunne @ Presuming Ed
=

ARIEL HEBDITCH:

Ariel Hebditch: Skeleton Out of the Closet

May 2nd 6:30pm, 3rd 6:45pm, 4th 6:45pm and May 5th 4pm

~

Ariel Hebditch @ Presuming Ed

Aoife Dunne blends stand-up and storytelling in a fast, fearless comedy show about grief, resilience, and life’s unexpected turns. A

rising star in Irish comedy, she weaves razor-sharp humour with honest storytelling, turning personal disasters into comedy gold.

A

~

AWG IH EL US 1UH "AWY2.U IH EY a1

als

From funerals aone wrona to disastrous breakups and auestionable life choices. Aoife finds the funnv in places vou'd least exnect.

Sieuinteapedinds

She takes the audience on a hilarious, heartfelt ride through life’s messiest moments. If you've ever had your plans go up in smoke

must take to the stage to pursue her second, far more stable career path of stand-up comedian. In this ‘wildly original and creative’ show

or made a terrible decision—this show is for you.

(%& %& %& & & - Varsity) winner of the Jason Manford Award for Best Newcomer at the Women in Comedy Festival 2024, your resident asexual

Ticket price: £9 Conc: £7

goth takes you on a whistle-stop tour through her own personal haunted house. From werewolves to vampires to the devil herself, the ‘laugh-a-

second quips’ (%&%&
%& %& %& - Varsity) bring you a night of queer joy and the decidedly-more-hard-to-come-by gothic joy as your humerus

@aoife_is_never_dunne

entertainer promises you the time of your death! Hebditch rivalled television comedy in poise and execution, and outpaced it in creativity. - Varsity,

kkkkk

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £5 2 411 deals

al

@skeleton.out.of.the.closet

h

Kathleen Hughes: Cryptid!

R

Kathleen Hughes @ Presuming Ed

Se

ard
Comical Adventures cries: R

workin progress

a

h — See f faferheedin

cel

Comic Adventures (Work In Progress)

fires

Sanjar giam @ Presuming Ed

aera
Ol tell «

May 2nd, 5:15pm and 3rd 9pm

Oye ="rate:.

The most funny thing in the world is to notice when ours, but particularly when others' assumptions are outdated, too serious or

downright obnoxious. We all live in a world which is shaped by the culture we were born into, but we are not always aware of it. |
Kathleen's not sure of anything anymore. She's not even sure she exists. Cryptid! is the darkly hilarious debut hour from Glasgow comic Kathleen

Hughes — a show about identity, imperfection, and the mortifying ordeal of allowing yourself to be seen. *%& %& %& %&- The Wee Review kk
& *&

, ee

ee

ee

ee

fe of

think | have seen a few things and become aware of others enough to make you laugh.

Ticket price: Free

Lisain the Theatre %& %& %& ¥% — Queer Fringe Reviews A debut of self-assuredness, of confidence, of charm and whip-smart wit... an incredibly
funny woman. - The Skinny One of the bright new hopes of Scottish comedy - The Scotsman

@saniman

Will & Noah: Too Much Time On Their Phones

Tim Reeves: Give This A Miss (WIP)
Tim Reeves @ Presuming Ed
May 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 9th, 10th, 23rd, 24th, 25th, 30th and 31st 10:15pm

ORS

0
be

nes
hat

me

Z\

@kathleenwho_ X @kathleenwho_ ch @kathleenwho

A

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £6

Will & Noah @ Presuming Ed
Nominated: Malcolm Hardee Award 2024 Runner-Up: Best Alternative Act - 2024 Late Stage Leicester Comedy Festival Awards

xf

V/

HALF A‘CAMELi HALF A’

Death is at your door... she’s only trying to tell you a knock knock joke! After a disappointing job interview with the Grim Reaper, Ariel Hebditch

Tim Reeves reluctantly brings a new hour of surreal, pointless nonsense stand-up about absolutely nothing. There's also some
Will & Noah's attention spans are so eroded that they can’t even get to the end of their... whuh.. huh..oh yeah we're doing a sketch show!! Ina

stuff about hairdresser secrets, ambulances and egg. Beautifully unhinged, hilarious...an absolute must-see - EdFringe.com,

world where comedy has become so short-form and self referential to the point where nothing is intentionally funny any more, Will & Noah are

*% & & & & Shades of a young Julian Barratt...wild but brilliant - The Crumb, *%& %*%&%*
* Sophisticated daftness at its very best -

investigating what the hell happened to good old-fashioned... whuh.. huh.. oh yeah we're doing a sketch show!! “A must-see comedy show for all

Mumble

sketch lovers” *% %& %& %& % EdFringeReview. “Brilliant, bonkers and totally Fringe” %* ¥% ¥% %* Bruce on the Fringe. The Telegraph Best Jokes of the
Edinburgh Fringe 2023 & 2024.

Ticket price: FREE

Ticket price: £5
@willandnoahcomedy

Paul F Taylor - What are you talking about mate?

An off the wall comedian ambushes you with funny nonsense for an hour. As seen on Channel 4, Soccer a.m., BT Sport and as heard on BBC

Radio 4. 'Should be required viewing for all wannabe surrealists' %& %& % ¥%& The Skinny 'Beguiles those of us with a weakness for whimsy’

*& & & & Metro ‘Brilliantly funny nonsense’ * *& * ¥& The List ‘Reminiscent of Harry Hill or Steve Martin... Taylor exceeds them both in frenzied

“Y,

delivery’ *%& ¥%& ¥%& ¥% Short Com 'Impressive in its simplicity and incredibly funny' * %& %& ¥% Broadway Baby ‘Paul F Taylor is going to rear a cult
following of those with refined senses of humour, and you should join us.’ % %&%*& %& Three Weeks

Ticket price: £7

@paulyftaylor X @paulyftaylor d* @paulyftaylor

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL c

HALF A'CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALFA CA

c-

HALFA

~~

A.

Paul F Taylor @ Presuming Ed

Li HALFA'CAMEL HALF A‘CAMELn

Brown vs. White: Bread Wars
Vish Lal and Genny Edwards @ The Maris & Otter

Two comedians in the ultimate ethnic sourdough split bill smackdown. In the brown corner: Vish Lal, one man on a mission to work

out whether he’s an absolute geezer or an absolute virgin. In the white corner: Genny Edwards (Timeout Red Hot Comedy
Competition Shortlist, Comedy Virgins Competition Finalist) who just wants to know where Manic Pixie Dream Girls go when they

tt

grow up. ‘Vishnu and Genny win the audience over with their natural charm and chemistry. — Dec Munro, founder of the Bill
Murray

Ticket price: Free

@genevieveed

Katie Pritchard: | Kiss The Music
Katie Pritchard @ The Maris & Otter

Join multi-award-winning musical comedian, and body roll enthusiast — Katie Pritchard — as she dresses head to toe in the finest
unitard she could make and embarks on this award-nominated arena tour (to the back room of a pub). This “Absolutely electric”

(%& & & & X¥& Pepper & Salt) show features pumping pop anthems and dance moves you never thought the human body capable
of. Think Lady Gaga... on acid! WINNER Musical Comedy Awards | NOMINEE Best Variety Show Leicester Comedy Festival 2025

Literally the most hilarious thing in the world - Pepper and Salt, %& %& % % % Katie Pritchard is a one woman comedy music
powerhouse - VoiceMag, * * * * * Katie Pritchard is a force of nature! - one4review, *k**
*

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £5 241 deals

@katiepritchards X @katiepritchards ¢* @katiepritchards

Alex Farrow: New Order
Alex Farrow: New Order @ The Maris & Otter

| May 11th 3pm |
A new stand-up comedy show from former philosophy teacher Alex Farrow. Alex’s solo comedy shows have sold out at the

Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 2019, 2021 and 2022 as well as being a British Comedy Guide top ten pick. Featured in The Times as
part of the Best Jokes of the Fringe. As heard on BBC Radio 4 Extra. Alex's solo comedy shows have sold out at the Edinburgh

Festival Fringe in 2019, 2021 and 2022 as well as being a British Comedy Guide top ten pick. "Very Talented" - Chortle

A

Ticket price: £6 (pwyw) 241 deals

Y,

@alexfarrowcomedy

Vish Lal and Genny Edwards @ The Maris & Otter

YY,

EL HAL

A

Brown vs. White: Bread Wars

Two comedians in the ultimate ethnic sourdough split bill smackdown. In the brown corner: Vish Lal, one man on a mission to work
out whether he's an absolute geezer or an absolute virgin. In the white corner: Genny Edwards (Timeout Red Hot Comedy
Competition Shortlist, Comedy Virgins Competition Finalist) who just wants to know where Manic Pixie Dream Girls go when they
grow up. ‘Vishnu and Genny win the audience over with their natural charm and chemistry. — Dec Munro, founder of the Bill
Murray

Ticket price: Free
@genevieveed

La)

=al

[<4

HALFA CAMELHALF A CAMEL HALFA UCL)

rixur A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

AWW)

a

Ye

a

—

oa 10H

——

TSWW3, J10H HLSWY),US 1UH HLSW),

matee

“T

ee
De

7

A

a

HALFA’CAMELHALFA ‘CAMEL HALFACAMEL) SHALF
A ‘CAMELHALF
A‘ CAMEL HALF
A’CAMEL)

100% authentic secret to achieving complete existential
fulfilment (includes free biscuits)
Patrick Draper @ Jollies

As unlikely as it sounds, Draper has discovered and implemented a guaranteed means of achieving lifelong unwavering fulfilment
and a total zen-like oneness with the universe. He’s been meaning to share it for ages, but he’s been busy painting his shed and
then the brickwork on the house needed repointing and, before you know it, another year’s passed by and he’s still not told

anyone about it. Don’t miss this chance to be part of history as life's great mystery is revealed before your amazed and astounded
faces; it'll only take an hour, and there are free biscuits too. The comedy material is consistently funny and Draper's fairly dark

take on the world is delivered with a deceptive lightness. * %& *%& *& — Highly Recommended Show - Paul Levy — Fringe Review A
bulletproof opening act with an inventive turn of phrase and endearingly droll delivery - Stagefright Comedy - Deadpan Genius Jon Pearson -A wonderful level of mental dexterity and stagecraft. - Notts Comedy Review

Ticket price: £5 Conc: £2.50 241 deals
@patrickdraper7

A Yank in Portsmouth
Bryan Stoops @ Jollies

Bryan Stoops is a comedian (Edinburgh Fringe, The Comedy Store, Gotham Comedy Club) and educator from the United States.
Recently, Bryan moved to Portsmouth to teach literature. In this show, Bryan will share insights about his new home, do that

American thing of explaining how a culture that is not his own works, and tell the tale of how he became a Yank in Portsmouth.
‘The most endearing stand up of the fringe! Highly recommend!' (Edinburgh Fringe) 'All kinds of funny...a MUST see!' (Hollywood
Fringe) 'A very enjoyable way to spend an hour.' (Leicester Comedy Festival)

Ticket price: £5 -£4 - conc

@bryanstoopscomedy g* @bryanstoopscomedy

Joe Riley I'm Fine Work in progress
Joe Riley @ Jollies
May 27th, 28th, 29th 30th 3pm, May 31st and June 1st 5:30pm

Armed with imaginative jokes and stories that have to be heard to be believed, Joe brings buckets of joy to every gig. This show is
about the struggles of being brought up by hippie parents, in rural countryside Totnes, with dyslexia and the experiences of a
Steiner School. And trying to navigate my way through life in the city and the real world. As seen on BBC Upload, BBC Radio 4
Extra, So You Think You're Funny Reviews - Joe Riley invites the audience into a distinctive world rarely shared in stand-up -

CHORTLE - Interesting, evocative and distinctive and intriguing - CHORTLE - Infectiously silly

Ticket price: Free
@joerileycomedian

HALFA CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF. CAMEL

Caroline Madds: Buzzin’ (WIP)

TRACE
;

\

A

Rn
Be)

I

|

:

Tracey Davies & Donna Williams @ The Caxton Arms

May 24th, 25th and June 1st 3pm

Bloor

Tracey Davies is too tall, has teenage twins, and terrible taste in music. She brings plenty of divorcée energy to the stage with tales of pelvic floors,

dodgy ear candles off a man wearing a wolf fleece In a Morrisons carpark? Award-entering comedian Caroline Madds (A clear comic talent,

midlife dating and her extensive sex education courtesy of Jilly Cooper. Barnsley’s own Donna Williams reflects on what it was like being a lesbian

Beyond the Joke) had her silence taken by tinnitus, so she took her cochlear into her own hands. With chaotic results. A rising comedy star,

inthe '90s compared to today, as well as navigating life as a northerner down south. Both Williams and Davies were semi-finalists at So You Think

Finalist in So You Think You're Funny? Award, Bath New Act of the Year & New Act of the Year, and Funny Women Semi-Finalist

You're Funny 2024 performing at the Edinburgh Fringe. Williams was alsoa finalist at Komedia's New Comedian of the Year Award 2025.

Ticket price: Free

@donnawilliamscomedy

@carolinecomedy

MAGIC & SEX (Work in Progress)

Alpha Petals

Kathryn Haywood @ The Caxton Arms

Oro Rose and Craig Donaghy @ The Caxton Arms

Kathryn Haywood returns after the sell-out, five-star run of her Offie-nominated debut show Yoga & Sex...For Women (Over 40): “Sheer delight...

Oro Rose and Craig Donaghy present - Alpha Petals. A showcase of Brighton's newest queer (gay) and queer (weird) stand-up comics. Join us

In her brand new show, Magic & Sex, Kath has decided to delve into the art of illusion and becomea fully-fledged magician. She will astound with

Craig were semi-finalists for Komedia’s New Comedy Award, 2025.

her command of a deck of cards, she will baffle with her feats of mentalism, she will confuse with what she keeps under her hat. She can read

your mind before you can say Hey Presto, and produce the two of clubs before you can say Abra-Kath-Dabra! Trust me, you've never seen magic

Ticket price: Free

done quite like this and chances are you never will again. Come and see the hottest new conjuror on the block and leave with your head spinning

@oro.comedy @craigdonaghystuff

and your stomach chuming. But in a good way...probably could have worded that better. Oh... and sex. Non-stop hilarity - The Reviews Hub,

*& & & & & Pure, wholesome comedy with heart. - Stagey Reviews, %& % %& %& % A masterclass in character-led comedy - LondorTheatre’,
kk kk

Lucas Jefcoate - Work in Progres

Ticket price: £10 Conc: £8 241 deals

Lucas Jefcoate @ The Caxton Arms

@kathrynhaywoodryan X @KathrynHaywod1 ¢c* @kathyogasm
Lucas Jefcoate looks like someone's aunt. He's got feminine wrists, an affinity for cardigans and jokes that will make you say, ‘He was raised by

Bermuda Rhombus

women’. This Brighton Fringe Festival Lucas will be bringing his over 2 years experience as a comedian and 23 years experience as a person to
the stage. Lucas has competed as a comic all over the nation in several new act competitions. Whether it's down south in Brighton's ‘Komedia

Ben O'sullivan @ The Caxton Arms

New Act Competition’ or further north, reaching the finals of ‘Southport’s New Comedian Competition’ Lucas has garnered a reputation as a
May 4th 5:30pm, 11th and 25th 6:45pm and May 30th 9:15pm

promising new, young act. Or you might recognise Lucas from his viral online sketches or be one of his over 20 thousand followers than

contributed to his over 25 million view count! So come see the boy wonder for yourself! Laugh and learn about how hard it is growing up in a

Ben O'Sullivan is an offbeat comedian whose style is as silly as it is deadpan. Think of him as a deflating bouncy castle (colourful, whimsical, and

loving middle class family. Chuckle in relief at Lucas’ dating life and think ‘Maybe | am doing pretty well for myself’.

only slightly full of hot air). When Ben turned 30 last year, he decided to celebrate by doing the coolest thing he could imagine: getting his ear

pierced. But then he started asking himself the big question everyone asks when they reach their 30s: Am | a narcissist? Or is it just the piercing?

Ticket price: £3

Bermuda Rhombus is an exploration of this internal need for attention. Ben's musings on the subject cover a lot of ground: from trying to find out

@lucasjefcoate XK @lucasjefcoate d* @lucasjefcoate

why mirrors were invented to questioning if the Great Fire of London was, in fact, bad. Ultimately, Ben will answer the most important question of
our time: Is everything about him? Through Ben's surreal and silly comedic lens, you'll see your own impulses for attention and validation reflectec

Carl Carzana THE Comedian

al
Le iar

Carl Carzana @ The Caxton Arms

ptr

back at you - and you'll laugh at just how absurd it all is.

Ticket price: £5 (PWYW) 241 deals

May 15th, 16th and 17th 6:45pm

Ope

3

@benosullivancomedy

1440, the invention of the printing press. 1969, the moon landing. 2016, Carl Carzana's first gig. Carl Carzana is an award winning comedian,

Semifinalist in the Musical Comedy Awards, Runner up in the Bath New Comedian of the Year and Winner of the Carl Carzana of the Year

Comedy Competition Grand Final. He's also worked in writers rooms for BBC Radio 4 loads of times. Also he’s never had a bad gig. In short, Car!

THE

Firsr COmr a

FOL YounG pp MEHT

ee

Student Kitchen Comedy Showcase
Osman Shibli @ The Caxton Arms

reo
OE
ae ;
elaine:

Carzana is the greatest comedian that ever lived, now he’s making sure everyone knows it. Join Carl as he takes you through the highs and highs
of his glittering career in comedy to date and finally reveals the story of how he became the greatest comedian that ever lived. ‘Carl Carzana

The best comedy show for young people by young people is coming to Brighton! Get ready to NOT hear about divorce and back pain and see

literally can’t lose’ - Chortle.

young comedians do their best comedy! At Student Kitchen Comedy, we believe being young is a state of mind, so even if you squint at your

Ticket price: £5 Conc: £3 241 deals

screen and only use your index finger to tap on your phone, come on down and enjoy the show!! Closing the shows are our two resident young

@carlcarzanathecomedian ra) @carlcarzanacomedian

people Osman Shibli and Bella Cagnoli. Osman is a British-Pakistani comedian that has quickly become an act to look out for. His unique brand of

dry but quirky wit and relaxing presence makes him a crowd favourite. He was a finalist in the Komedia New Comedian Awards 2023 and
Hastings New Comedian 2023 - “...laidback ease on stage" - Chortle - Bella is a bubbly comedian based in London and Manchester. Known for

Eric Rushton - Work In Progress

her chaotic anecdotal style, she talks about being Gen Z, her Italian heritage and also her gap year. She's also a BTF World Series Semi Finalist. -

“hot mess" - Comedian

e

Eric Rushton @ The Caxton Arms

A

Sf

QUEER GAY) + QUEEA (WEIRD) STAND -WP COMICS

non-stop hilarity” Reviews Hub; “Excellent to watch... maestro of the side-eye” Chortle; “A masterclass in character-led comedy” LondonTheatre1

wrestling with the big questions - is it gay to be butch? What does it mean to be Alpha? And why are we so worried about everything? Oro and

v,

A SHOWLASE OF BRIGHTON’S NEWEST

0t

What does it means if the only house you've put a deposit on is a small glass of house white, you've reached the max of TK Maxx & bought some

Ticket price: Free (Ticketed)

ORO ROSE & CRAIG DONAGHY PRESENT

ae

Ticket price: £6, £4 conc
The Channel 4 Sean Lock Award-winner assembles his new Work in Progress show before your very eyes. “Constantly surprising, laugh out loud

@studentkitchencomedyclub XK @studentkitchencomedy

funny” (Harry Hill), “He has a great comic presence, disarming silliness, an oddball charm, and a brilliant unexpected turn of phrase. Eric has funny
bones” (Bill Bailey)

YY,

ZN

Che soa

WG, I10H AE

Caroline Madds @ The Caxton Arms

vr

=~
~~

\/

Y

wv,

if

Not So Mellow Birds

Art

a

oO.
.

.Y,

or

NY JH nl SW
0 a1UH nt SING),Ud1U

PEI
Oe

a

HALF A‘CAMEL HALF A‘CAMEL HALFA CAMEL HALF ‘CAMEL

S HALF A’ CAMEL HALF A‘ CAMEL HALFACAMEL|—

Ticket price: £9

@ericrushton96 d* @ericrushton96

a ij

HALF A’ CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL ©;

HALF A’ CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL

Faversham Fringe, ‘SUPERMARKETISM!’ is back with a trolley full of laughs. An absurd dance & gospel music themed dark comedy, that
ventures deep into the peculiarities of the British supermarket. Think late-night-supermakets, intergalactic subway sandwiches, vegan cheese,

and the dark reality of meal deals. Touring Music & sketch comedy duo Dom Virgo & Matt Dearlove perform a host of larger-than-life character

sketches and belting soulful music that tackle the supermarket from multiple angles with religious-like fervour, reflecting the current pitfalls and

SHOWCASE

a)

7

Following the sell-out shows in 2024, Ali Jay is bringing a new crop of LGBTQ+ stand-up comics to Brighton Fringe. Come along and meet

tomorrow's stars, including the Komedia New Act of the Year 2025 Winner Sydney May. Plus, all the way from Whitley Bay Katie Sheninmai

Ticket price: Free

@alijaycomedy

insanity of modern day living. Comparisons drawn by audience reviews have ranged from: Flight of the Concords, The Mighty Boosh, Meatloaf &
Brian Eno.

Ticket price: FREE

@total_cosmisch

Dirty Old Women

elie

Jenny Simanowitz and Kathy Tanner @ The Caxton Arms

[Fao

May 13th and 14th 8pm
Tall Tales for All Men @ The Caxton Arms

Tony Sheppard @ The Caxton Arms

ares)

hy: :

Ble ror
Tall Tales For All Men is a captivating spoken word theatre show by performance poet Tony Curry. Through a mix of poignant storytelling and

poetry —at times accompanied by his acoustic guitar—Tony brings to life the joys and struggles of growing up in 1970s Crawley, Sussex. The
youngest of four brothers, born to an English father and South African mother, he shares tales filled with warmth, humour, and love. Yet, beneath

Rese

Straight from the lusty theatres of Vienna. Dirty Old Women is an autobiographically based one-act play with elements of Cab.
and Sitcom. Two women in their early seventies decide to try their luck on a sex-positive dating site. Their aim is not to find life
partners, but rather to enjoy some entertainment with perhaps a smattering of erotic in their “golden years” Jenny Simanowitz

(“Wild Granny Jenny”) and Kathy Tanner (English Lovers) are friends and accomplices. The piece grew out of their real-life

experiences. “When you*re old, you've got nothing more to lose” says Jenny. Kathy agrees. The openness with which they
approach their encounters leads to stories which are hilarious, crazy...and sometimes deeply moving.

Ticket price: £12 Conc: £9 241 deals

the laughter, there's deep reflection, as Tony opens up about the premature loss of both his father and brother. Beyond being a poet, musician, and
writer, Tony also works to support men’s well-being—an ethos woven into the heart of this show. Raw, heartfelt, and deeply human, Tall Tales For

@simanowitzjenny

All Men is more than a performance—it’s a space for connection and healing.

Ticket price: £10 Conc: £5 241 deals
@tonysheppard86

Carl Carzana THE Comedian
Carl Carzana @ The Caxton Arms

Touching it Makes Baby Jesus Cry: The Musical

May 15th, 16th and 17th 6:45pm

Jonathan McLean @ The Caxton Arms

1440, the invention of the printing press. 1969, the moon landing. 2016, Carl Carzana's first gig. Carl Carzana is an award winr

May 2nd and 16th 5:30pm and May 30th 8pm

comedian, Semifinalist in the Musical Comedy Awards, Runner up in the Bath New Comedian of the Year and Winner of the Ca

Pope Eutuchianus is here to sanctify your nocturnal pollution and denounce your nether norms! Travelling the ages on a mission from god to
answer the burning questions: Should bishop bashing and sister slugging stamp a one way ticket to the down below? How much self flagellation

would dry the saviours' tears? And how hard? And since when did the Pope have a chronically crotch-bound weeb for a sidekick? Jonathan
McLean's fringe debut is a shamelessly queer, disgracefully honest and exhaustingly inventive comedy ‘Cock Opera’ with self indulgent guitar
solos, a one-man choir, sexy drumming, numerous sins of the flesh and occasionally even an actual point. ‘Come’ for the Lo Fi lowdown on the

Carzana of the Year Comedy Competition Grand Final. He’s also worked in writers rooms for BBC Radio 4 loads of times. Also
never had a bad gig. In short, Carl Carzana is the greatest comedian that ever lived, now he’s making sure everyone knows it. .

Carl as he takes you through the highs and highs of his glittering career in comedy to date and finally reveals the story of how
became the greatest comedian that ever lived. ‘Carl Carzana literally can’t lose’ - Chortle.

Ticket price: £5 Conc: £3 241 deals

low five, stay for the praying away the gay! Disclaimer: Performer is not responsible for any spiritual and/ or sexual awakenings experienced during

@carlcarzanathecomedian ¢/ @carlcarzanacomedian

the show. 2nd Disclaimer: Show liable to becoming substantially weirder than described.

Ticket price: Free
@diehard_diesharder

Lance Mao: Asian First Dates
Lance Mao @ The Caxton Arms

Two Beards & A Brummie

May 3rd, 18th and 25th 4:15pm abd June 1st 5:30pm

Geordie Geoff

@ The Caxton Arms
He is 32, single, and lives with his Chinese immigrant mother. Sounds like a catch? Then join Lance on his quest to find ‘The One'

Two Beards & A Brummie is a fast-paced, no-holds-barred hour of comedy that takes you on a rollercoaster through the highs and lows of life on

during (yes, DURING) this raw, heartfelt stand-up hour about the struggles of a first-generation Chinese immigrant family and first

stage for men with beards and men from Birmingham. Packed with sharp wit, unexpected twists, and relentless laughs, this is not for the faint-

dates. Lance has always dreamed of a fairy tale love story. He's 5' 11" and owns a leather jacket. Then why is he still single?

hearted. Strap in, hold tight, and get ready; comedy has never been this funny!

Culture clash? Stereotypes? Personality? Unrealistic standards? 32 reasons why he's still single at 32. A candid, confessional
rollercoaster ride into the Chinese immigrant experience. Backyard Knockout Winner - Get-Up Stand Up New Comedian of the

Ticket price: £6

Year 2024 Finalist - “Like the ERAS Tour without the music" (Himself) - “Devastatingly funny" (Audience review) “One of the most
honest pieces of comedy I've seen" (Audience review) "What kind of a man defames his family" (His mother)

@Geoff_Stand_Up

Ticket price: FREE (PWYW)

@lancemao_ ¢* @lancemao

a

aisle and funnier than an unhelpful checkout assistant!" Following successful runs at Brighton Fringe 2024, Leicester Comedy Festival 2025,

COMEDY

:

A

SUPERMARKETISM! brings musical comedy & supermarket madness to Brighton Fringe 2025. "A comedy show that’s fresher than the organic

Ali Jay @ The Caxton Arms

=|

vy

A

QUEER

y,

Total Cosmisch @ The Caxton Arms

[ali if 40)

A

The Queer Comedy Showcase

Total Cosmisch: Supermarketism

~

WG J10H L SW JH a8 a10H nt SW),Ey

A

AS

“/

V

j=

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMELHALF A CAMEL?

ww

\/

~

a

A CAME L HALF A'CAMEL
HALF A CAMEL HALF A‘ CAME F HALF

SHALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A’CAMEL)§

age

HALF
A‘ CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL &

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL

Sam Hampson & Sophie White @ Jollies
May 8th, 15th, 22nd 8pm and May 25th 5:30pm

[e]
a

Oo)

#

>>

x

Settled by Justina Seselskaite

Ob eran

Justina Seselskaite @ Jollies

ae

a

Se

[mls

—_>-

May 30th 8pm

*

Justina Seselskaite, an award-winning comedian from Lithuania, brings her work in progress show Settled — a witty explorat

M&S or S&M? A stand-up comedy split bill grappling with the big choices of our thirties - dreams, dates, direction and, perhaps

her journey as an immigrant navigating life in the UK. Moving to the UK in 2014, Justina shares the challenges and absurditie

the biggest question of all... is this it? Sam Hampson and Sophie White are both millenials, but life has taken them down very

adapting to a new culture with humor and authenticity. Described as a “masterclass in how to approach your debut hour” by

different paths. While one wonders about baby names, the other is busy choosing the best dating app. Maybe 40 is closer than

Blizzard Comedy, Settled is a sharp, insightful, and funny reflection on finding a sense of belonging in a foreign land.

20, but big questions haven't gone away. It's time to figure out what's a childish dream, what's an adult fantasy and in reality,
what's so funny about it all? A sharp new work in progress show from two up-and-coming comics, reminding us that even if life

Ticket price: PWYW

can be full of questions, finding the answers with a friend can make it far more fun.

@Justina_sesel
Ticket price: FREE (PWYW)

@sophie.white.isdoingcomedy @shampbolic

Richard Wright draws you like one of your French girls

Mat Smith and Kieran Carr Spilt Bill

OF

Mat Smith & Kieran Carr @ Jollies

. re

10)

al

Richard Wright @ Jollies

Mat Smith (as heard on BBC, Komedia New Comedian 2024 semi-finalist) and Kieran Carr (2023 NZ Comedy Guild Awards)
jokes and they have to share them. Join two comedy mates who both look 35 (but are not) as they work out a mix of new mz
Is it toast or not toast? Can you land a chicken on a playing card? How many is it? When did that arrive? Who is Phil and what did

and old 'classics' and decide if they ever want to share a show again. Kieran has been a standup for three years, working in 1

he do with Carol? In 2024 Richard Wright had a well-attended, well respected and well-reviewed Edinburgh Fringe with a show

and in New Zealand. He was a staple on the Auckland scene there, winning an award at the 2023 NZ Comedy Guild Awards.

about a marriage failing. In 2025 Richard Wright invites you to join him for a silly, anarchic, chaotic hour of fun, games, comedy,

returning, he performs around the country at Glee Club Birmingham, West End Comedy Club, Backyard Comedy Club, and |i

guests, snacks and drawing where Richard Wright draws you like one of your French girls. Multi-time Pegasus Comedy Award

year's Edinburgh Fringe. Mat has been performing comedy since 2022, and has had material featured on BBC Radio 4 and E

Winner Richard Wright returns to the Brighton Fringe after his 4 star run at the Edinburgh Fringe in 2024. The 6 time competition

Scotland. Described as “precise, direct and unwavering” Mat has performed at Hot Water, Komedia, The Bill Murray, Backya

semi-finalist brings a light-hearted, silly show to the 2025 Brighton Fringe and invites you to join him in creating his favourite kind

He's also a bad bisexual with a black belt in judo but no driver's license. Certainly doing something right... precise, direct an

of thing that can only exist at a fringe festival.

unwavering. - Mumble Comedy, *****

Ticket price: Free

Ticket price: FREE

@thatmatsmith @kieran.carr_

Still Got It!
.

Greg Houston: GregSpectations
.

.

Georgia Thorpe @ Jollies

Greg Houston @ Jollies

ae
y

Meet the comedians presented by Still Got it. On May 8 and 9, we present 'Old 'n' Bold’ with Georgia and Lissi doing a split stand

”

",

EI
‘

fi

st

ed
2

@gangtafestus X @richywright

R

Join Canadian comedian Greg Houston on his first WIP in Brighton. Part fish out of water, part the water is poison get that fis

up comedy show.... Georgia: Her deadpan humour draws on anything from her Greek Cypriot heritage and being in the closet, to

outta there!... story. Jokes about mental health, love, death, and fitting in. 'Best Of' Camden Fringe Comedy - Camden Come

the challenges of ageing, technology and moving house. If she was a type of food she'd be a Greggs sausage roll, as she’s warm,

Club 2023. - Winner of the 'Funniest of the Fringe' Award Winner - Kingston Storefront Fringe Festival.- Winner of Ottawa

comforting and won't crumble under pressure. Lissi: On a journey from young to old. From shy to bold. From quiet wee mouse, to

Comedy Awards Best Independent Show 2014. - “Houston is definitely funny - great laughs.” - New Ottawa Critics. - “Houst

loud and proud drummer. Come along to find where she's got to today. The comedy continues. On May 10 and 11, we present Lis:

earns many laughs with his self-deprecating sense of humour." - On Stage.

a»

RICHARD WRIGHT DRAWS YOU LIKE ONE OF YOUR FRENCH GIRLS

(see above) and Derya doing a joint stand up show with quizzes and chocolate to engage and delight. Derya: (aka Cybele- Mothe

Goddess) Derya Yildirim is a Turkish trained lawyer turned relationship-connoisseur! She strongly believes she is fully integrated i
British way of life as she values her pet dog, much more than people! A triumvirate of mature amateur performers with chocolate

Ticket price: £7
@GregHoustonComedy

and a quiz and 3 very nice people. - The Scotsman

The biscuit tin and the biscuit

@georgiathorpcomedy X @Kathyyn

Mark Stringer @ Jollies

Sadbh Peters & Scott Oswald: Tumbleweeds (Work In
We all have ideas. We all have dreams. Why is it so difficult for us to turn these ideas and dreams into reality? Mark Stringer

Progress)

degree in philosophy. He's a stand up comedian. He's also a project manager with fifteen years of experience of trying to tu
ideas and dreams into reality . In this show he explains: Why turning our ideas and dreams into reality is so hard. Why just we

Sadbh Peters & Scott Oswald @ Jollies

something really badly and thinking about it really hard isn't enough. Why working hard and trying hard won't work either. W
May 29th 9:15pm, May 31st and June 1st 4:15pm

secret to success is to understand that dreams reality are made of different stuff. This show won't blow your mind. But it mic

finalist, So You Think You're Funny and West End New Act of the Year). Expect a tasty little hour of laughs. “Genius, a sure crowd

pleaser” - %&#&%¥&*&* Mumble Comedy (for ‘Gigl Comedy’) “Sadbh and Scott are brilliant, talented up-and-coming comedians
and I'd rush to buy a ticket” - Dec Munro, Multiple award winning live comedy Director and co-founder of the Bill Murray Comedy

Ticket price: £10 Conc: £5

@the.mark.stringer d* @mark_stringer1969

Club London

Ticket price: FREE

(CO) @scottooswald

age),

ALF A’ CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL c;|8
a

bend it just enough to let you start to take the practical steps you need to take to realise your ideas and dreams.

a

Tumbleweeds is a stand-up split bill by Sadbh Peters (Semi-finalist for Funny Women Stage Awards) and Scott Oswald (Semi-

(HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALFA CA

c-

~/
~~

Ticket price: Free

aw)\UsUH nuSW JH SW)EL neSW),CE

~

»

Is this it? (Work in Progress)

—_—_—

A

Vig

a

SAM HAMPSON AND SOPHIE WHITE PRESENT

A CAMELHALF
A’ CAME LHALFA‘CA
HALF A'CAMEL) SHALF
—_—_--—_—-

[=]

Y,

HALF A CAMELHALFA‘CAME HALF A CAMEL HALF A’CAMEL

HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

—_—_—

100% authentic secret to achieving complete existential

Stuart Thomas @ Jollies

fulfilment (includes free biscuits)

—_>-

>>

ms
a

Stuart Thomas: Bad Fatty (WIP)

—_—_—

YS 1UH tLSWY))US 1UH neSW),Ua1U

Patrick Draper @ Jollies

May 23rd, 24th, 25th and 26th 8pm

Stuart Thomas delivers a sharp, unapologetic standup show with "Bad Fatty," diving into life as a fat Welshman. Raised on a sheep
farm in Wales, Stuart blends his working-class roots with a modern, no-nonsense take on body positivity. He grabs diet culture by

the scruff of the neck, calling out society's absurd expectations of fat people while hilariously jabbing at our thin-obsessed world.

As unlikely as it sounds, Draper has discovered and implemented a guaranteed means of achieving lifelong unwavering fulfilmen

Stuart doesn’t just talk about being fat—he owns it, celebrating the freedom of rejecting conformity. Bisexual and candid about

and a total zen-like oneness with the universe. He’s been meaning to share it for ages, but he’s been busy painting his shed and

mental health, he explores the intersections of sexuality, body image, and his experiences with depression. "Bad Fatty" is a bold,

then the brickwork on the house needed repointing and, before you know it, another year’s passed by and he's still not told

hilarious celebration of embracing who you are. Stuart flips fat-shaming on its head, turning everyday experiences into

anyone about it. Don't miss this chance to be part of history as life’s great mystery is revealed before your amazed and astounde

extraordinary moments. A force to be reckoned with, Stuart proves that being a 'bad fatty' is pure joy—and he’s taking no

faces; it'll only take an hour, and there are free biscuits too. The comedy material is consistently funny and Draper's fairly dark

prisoners.

take on the world is delivered with a deceptive lightness. *%& %& % % — Highly Recommended Show - Paul Levy — Fringe Review A
bulletproof opening act with an inventive turn of phrase and endearingly droll delivery - Stagefright Comedy - Deadpan Genius -

Ticket price: Free

Jon Pearson -A wonderful level of mental dexterity and stagecraft. - Notts Comedy Review

@stuthejoke

Ticket price: £5 Conc: £2.50 241 deals

Cat Scully @ Jollies

Or EAL

@patrickdraper7

4

After a difficult couple of years, Cat has dusted herself off, ready to laugh again. Originally hailing from Canada but now stuck in

A Yank in Portsmouth

al:

Bryan Stoops @ Jollies

. : +

is)

Cat Scully - Sticks & Rhinestones

England, Cat flexes her stoicism to take on life's hurdles. Park yourselves and listen while she wrangles through some erroneous
decisions. Cat's one and only review said that she ‘is perfect for a damp and chilly British evening’. Join Cat at her WIP show, you

Bryan Stoops is a comedian (Edinburgh Fringe, The Comedy Store, Gotham Comedy Club) and educator from the United States.

never know, you might make a friend.

Recently, Bryan moved to Portsmouth to teach literature. In this show, Bryan will share insights about his new home, do that

Ticket price: Free

American thing of explaining how a culture that is not his own works, and tell the tale of how he became a Yank in Portsmouth.

@hahacatscully X @hahacatscully

‘The most endearing stand up of the fringe! Highly recommend!’ (Edinburgh Fringe) ‘All kinds of funny...a MUST see!’ (Hollywooc
Fringe) 'A very enjoyable way to spend an hour.' (Leicester Comedy Festival)

Two Fellas Telling Jokes For Two Nights
Joe Kanczes and James Pendleton @ Jollies

Crt

AL

Ticket price: £5 -£4 - conc

@bryanstoopscomedy d* @bryanstoopscomedy

mee

Two Northern comics (who actually like being down south). Two nights. No nonsense. A Stand-up split bill show with Joe Kanczes

(Bath New Act of the Year Finalist) and James Pendleton (Max Turner Semi-finalist 2024) . They award-nominated stand-ups who
just want to tell jokes. No sob stories, no life lessons—just proper stand-up from two fellas. Expect sharp observations, Northern

ow iLL

o

2),

>

Starter Pack (Work In Progress)
Michael McPheat and Lianna Holston @ Jollies

charm, and a healthy dose of good old-fashioned moaning about everything that deserves it.

Ticket price: FREE (PWYW)

Lianna Holston (Runner Up, Leicester Square New Comedian of the Year 2024; SYTYF 2024 Semi-Finalist; iHeartRadio podcast

@jimmypcomedy

co-host) and Michael McPheat (SYTYF 2024 Semi-Finalist; Soho Theatre Labs Plus Alumni; Co-host of sell-out London comedy
night 0800-Comedy) invite you to be in their Starter Pack: one hour of standup comedy that reveals how the brains of two sweet

pie idiots tick. Get ready for goofy giggles as we square dance* our way to PERFECTION for the girls, gays and theys (and any

Luke Richards and CK Nath @ Jollies

American :/, and mental illness xx. Michael's Starter Pack includes: Being a gay best friend, loving video games, intimate lighting

restaurants and astounding rap skills. Hop into the minds of two cute, apologetic & stupid comics as we all skip into the jaws of

v

LU/CK

other silly billy who is up for a high dose of serotonin deep fried in stupidity). Lianna’s Starter Pack includes: animal opinions, beit

J%

a»

a

A CAMELHALF
A’ CAME LHALF
HALF A'CAMEL) SHALF
—_—_--—_—-

fear and despair hand in hand! *Not literal but could be if you wanted to :)

A split bill stand-up show from Bath New Comedian of the year, Luke Richards and West End New Act Finalist, CK Nath. Both acts

were developed as part of the Soho Theatre Comedy Labs where they realised their styles were horribly incompatible or, as their

Z\

Y,

HALF A CAMEL HALF A’CAMEL

HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

—_—_—

Ticket price: £8 Conc: £4

@liannaholston @michaelmccomedy

Luke and CK on the night!

Tall Tales for All Men @ Jollies

Ticket price: Free - PWYW

Tony Sheppard @ Jollies

lg

is ;

ales

@ck_standupcomedy @lukerichardscomedy

Tall Tales For All Men is a captivating spoken word theatre show by performance poet Tony Curry. Through a mix of poignant

Uncouth Chic

storytelling and poetry —at times accompanied by his acoustic guitar—Tony brings to life the joys and struggles of growing up in

Sophie Sandor @ Jollies

with warmth, humour, and love. Yet, beneath the laughter, there’s deep reflection, as Tony opens up about the premature loss of

a

1970s Crawley, Sussex. The youngest of four brothers, born to an English father and South African mother, he shares tales filled

both his father and brother. Beyond being a poet, musician, and writer, Tony also works to support men’s well-being—an ethos
woven into the heart of this show. Raw, heartfelt, and deeply human, Tall Tales For All Men is more than a performance—it's a
sounds like: un-kooth sheek comedy stories on a very british experience by sophie sandor spanning cultures, classes, careers and

space for connection and healing.

characters from scotland to the south of england
¥

Ticket price: £10 Conc: £5 241 deals
Ticket price: £8

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL c/—

(©) @scottooswald

(HALF A'CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A'CA

c-

@uncouthchic X @sophiesandor

EAN UH nu

their Indian heritage and one dead-pan northern comic complaining about things. To find out which is which, you'll just have to join

is)

publicist would prefer them to say, an interesting mix. A pay-what-you-like show featuring one high-energy storyteller exploring

YS

+7

Yi

~

Ali Jay and Poacher BOB

te

Oh

EDY

ba

_

CAMEL)

Comedy Rodeo

Oro

ee

er

<n

—

{

7a

Geordie Geoff @ The Maris & Otter

Be cicut WHERE ANYTHING CouLp

os

Ali Jay @ The Maris & Otter

HAPPEN,»

Come and join Ali Jay and Poacher Bob as they share a load of nonsense made up funny stuff and nonsense. Please note: no animals have been

The Brighton Fringe Comedy Rodeo is a wild and unpredictable ride through the best that comedy has to offer. Packed with surprises, oddities,

harmed while making this show. Please also note: This show is in a boozer, but it also sells alcohol-free beverages and chips. Please again also

and plenty of laughs, this show guarantees a unique experience every time. No two nights are the same, as we round up the finest comedians and

note: This show contains references to LGBTQ+ references

eccentric acts from across the 2025 fringe to deliver an unforgettable evening of hilarity. Expect the unexpected, brace yourself for the bizarre,
and get ready for a rollercoaster of comedy that will leave you grinning from ear to ear. Strap in and hold on tight—things are about to get crazy!

Ticket price: £5 (PWYW) 241 deals
Ticket price: £6.50

@alijaycomedy

(0) MCRanff Stand I In
VERY ALERT TO THE
ENERGY FLOW OF
¢

PAKISTANDUP (Work In Progress)

THE ROOM.

Syed Ahmad Raza @ The Maris & Otter
AN ACT
WITH REAL

From Pints to Pilates

a ae

Sam Willet @ The Maris & Otter

eta

POTENTIAL

“PakiStandUp’ is a work-in-progress satirical Comedy show which emphasizes on culturally shocking and hilarious elements and experiences of

anew immigrant in the UK. It also speaks of less representation of Pakistanis in the Comedy Circuit of UK and battles the stereotype of being

Get ready for a hilarious, heartwarming ride as Sam Willett takes you on his uproarious journey from fuelled pub nights to downward dogs and

impulsively considered an Indian because of brown skin in the first glance. This show compares relationship styles, parenting, approach to mental

pilates mats, all in the name of finding inner peace. In this show, Sam shares his adventures in self-discovery, tackling everything from awkward

health, traffic rules, financial struggle, traveling adventures of Pakistan and UK. Overall, it's an amalgam of Sheer Fun and Dark Satire on socio-

fitness classes to the funny realities of moder life. It's a comedy that proves that even in the pursuit of happiness, sometimes the best laughs are

political aspects of both countries. "For God's sake, just let me integrate", says Raza while awkwardly sniffing Fish & Chips. An act with real

found along the way. Please note this is no dry robe show, flat whites must be left at the door.

potential - Hats Funny Comedy, *& *%& %*% ¥%& *& - Intelligent writing, spot on delivery, very alert to the energy flow of the room - NottsComedyReview

Ticket price: Free

by Peter Fox, %& %& %& %& ¥& -HalfaCamel's Kick of the Fringe - Half A Camel, k& &*&
& &

@samwillettcomedy

Ticket price: £7 241 deals
@comedywithraza

Katie Pritchard: | Kiss The Music
Katie Pritchard @ The Maris & Otter

Katie-Rose Petley: Dirty B*tch

laa)
se 7 .
lee

Katie-Rose Petley @ The Maris & Otter

Join multi-award-winning musical comedian, and body roll enthusiast — Katie Pritchard — as she dresses head to toe in the finest unitard she

could make and embarks on this award-nominated arena tour (to the back room of a pub). This “Absolutely electric” (#% ¥%& %& %& % Pepper & Salt)
Ever been upstaged by the Taliban? Or had to talk your dog out of shagging a pigeon? Don't be fooled by the wholesome Canadian accent. Faith,

show features pumping pop anthems and dance moves you never thought the human body capable of. Think Lady Gaga... on acid! WINNER

filth, and the absurd collide in this delightfully dark yet oddly wholesome hour. Dirty B*tch is a shamelessly honest romp through the most

Musical Comedy Awards | NOMINEE Best Variety Show Leicester Comedy Festival 2025 Literally the most hilarious thing in the world - Pepper

outrageous recesses of Katie-Rose's slightly unhinged brain — from unpacking her Christian upbringing to contemplating murder. With rapid-fire

and Salt, %& ¥% ¥& %& ¥& Katie Pritchard is

storytelling, darkly hilarious detours into taboo subjects, and just enough filth to make you think twice about going with your parents, this show is

one4review, &*& *& *&

aone woman comedy music powerhouse - VoiceMag, *& ¥%& ¥& %*& ¥ Katie Pritchard is a force of nature! -

equal parts irreverent and relatable.

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £5 241 deals
Ticket price: Free

@katiepritchards X @katiepritchards gt @katiepritchards

=a

A

@katierosecomedy dt @katierosecomedy
e

Aaand We're Back!

Ob are

Rich Perry, Kerry Herbert and Jim Holland @ The Maris & Otter

is aan

Gttto

May 4th 8pm, May 10th and May 24th 4:15pm

You know the deal; it’s a 50 minute show with three different stand-up comedians. Are they funny? Yes. Is there some sort of theme? Kind of.
Jim's had long Covid which gives him some new material to try out... but he'll need to sit down. Kerry's been on the international circuit doing

ISTH, 16TH & 17TH MAY 2025,
8PM THE MARIS & OTTER,

OY

FR)
a

Y,,

A

\/

~

CAMEL) S HALF A’ CAMEL HALF A ‘CAMELs

ys

~

AWD)UIUH AWD J10H LSWY2)EL neSWY2)Ua1Y

athe

—

“Tv

=)

ALFA CAMELHA
A’LF
CAMEL HALF

—_—_

A

EL HALFA‘CAMELa HALF A‘ CAMEL HALF A'CAMEL

——

®

113-114 WESTERN ROAD,

BRIGHTON, BNI 248,
£5.00

JONNY BROOK

THIS ISN'T THE LIFE
| EXPECTED
Funny stories about sh*t legs

This Isn't The Life | Expected
Jonny Brook @ The Maris & Otter

"This isn't the life | expected" is Jonny Brook's debut stand up show, all about how his sh*t legs have impacted his life. Jonny won the 2022
Breakthrough Act of the Year prize at the 2022 Yorkshire Comedy Awards. Jonny Brook is an adult, but you wouldn't know it from his interactions

2022 YORKSHIRE COMEDY
AWARDS BREAKTHROUGH ACT

with the world, whether it be the many medical appointments he is forced to endure because his legs don't work very well, or his interactions with

comedy in Australia and other exotic locales but is now back in good old Brighty. And Rich... had a cigarette break. It's only a loose theme. We're

members of the sex industry who take pity on him. In and amongst all this, he’s also a dad and grandad, somehow. "Jonny Brook's self

three comedians doing jokes... Aaand we're back! Rich Perry - So You Think You're Funny finalist - Chortle Student Comedy Award finalist -

deprecation echoes Jackie Mason yet here he's talking about disability and his ability to play the system. Smart, funny, and on point as he both

Writer for BBC Radio 4 Extra’s Newsjack Kerry Herbert “Razor-sharp wit” Latest 7 - Funny Women Brighton winner & national semi-finalist -

challenges and reinforces different stereotypes." - Lancashire Post "One person was laughing hard enough that they looked in need of help" -

Presenter of OG comedy podcast, “Kerry on Comedy,” on BHCR.com Jim Holland- “Genuine charm” - The Scotsman - “Delectably quirky and

Notts Comedy Review

inventive” — Fringe Review - “I cried with laughter” - Seann Walsh

Ticket price: £5 2 for 1 deals
Ticket price: FREE

@satdownstandup dt @satdownstandup

A

@Jim__holland @richard_j_perry

s
Ls.)

(mall

HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CA

Ei

nur
A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF ACA

7

\

Graeme Rayner @ The Maris & Otter

Ee

“Krowdwerk" is exactly what you might think — an unscripted crowdwork show. Having several years of MCing experience | want to put those

15T

ea mmm

a:

£550")

“Dadology” is Graeme Rayner’s debut 1 hour show, and includes everything they're not telling you about being a dad. Graeme was a semi-finalist

skills to the test with an interactive, audience-driven show. It will not be an hour of “what's your name and what do you do?” but will instead be a

inthe 2023 British Comedian of the Year competition and is , more importantly, a dad who has spent almost two decades navigating fatherhood

conversational show with topics suggested by the audience etc. If you're coming along, be prepared to get involved! Graeme was a semi-finalist

with varying degrees of success. “Dadology’ offers insight on everything from conception through to adulthood. “The laughs come thick and

-

inthe 2023 British Comedian of the Year competition. “The laughs come thick and fast.” - Lancashire Post “Made me laugh out loud” - David

fast.” - Lancashire Post “Made me laugh out loud” — David Baddiel “In total command of the audience.” — Joe Pasquale. “Heckle him if you dare.

Baddiel “In total command of the audience.” — Joe Pasquale “Heckle him if you dare. You'll be smashed to pieces if you try” — On Yorkshire

You'll be smashed to pieces if you try” - On Yorkshire Magazine

Magazine

Ticket price: £5

Ticket price: £5 2 for1 deals

@gag_n_bone_man XK @gag_n_bone_man

Nerd Mentality: Duel! to the DEATH! (Work In Progress)

BABA @ The Maris & Otter

Merry Martyn PhD and QI Elf Joe Mayo @ The Maris & Otter

Merry Martyn PhD and QI Elf Joe Mayo are brilliant at avoiding conflict (unless you think they aren't). To learn to stand up for themselves, they've

Did you know Baba means wise old woman in Romanian, father in Arabic and baba ghanoush wasn't always made with mayo?? Baba tells tales

challenged each other to a DUEL! to the DEATH! in COMPETITIVE POWERPOINTS! They need to collect data on YOU to decide who lives and

of love in the times of communism, trams and of roots. But where will she find home?...home...home...home Halima is a trained clown and

who dies! This graph-a-minute show is a celebration of all types of nerds. If you spot any typos in this description, this is the show for

professional baba. You have seen her recently at Man Up, quarter finale Sketch Off at the Museum of iii or in an open mic around you.

youadsikfjadsikfj! COME SEE OUR SHOW! No worries if not!

Halima won the Laugh Bath duck award 3 times. She graduated Ecole Philippe Gaulier, Embodied Poetics Lecoq school and Soho Theatre labs.

She worked in applied theatre and collaborated as clown with Clowns Without Borders social circuses in London, Bucharest and Casablanca.

Ticket price: Free

@helloimjoemayo

@halimabutyoucancallmebaba

ees Prosecco | kxhig
rOsecc

Beef and Prosecco

OF

Darren Pizzazz and Rachel Quinn @ The Maris & Otter

heat

Quinn

fe)

Amelia Hamilton @ The Maris & Otter

Rapping sensation Amelia Hamilton presents her debut hour of comedy. Set to an original soundtrack of live rap, Hamilton brings her character

io

30pm

blend of wit, charm, and musical talent in this high-energy stand up hour with “a proper gag in every line”- Chortle She hilariously delves into

Expect chaos, comedy, and questionable decisions from Beef (Darren Pizzazz) and Prosecco (Rachel Quinn). It's a split hour of stand-up,

relatable rap battles with her own intrusive thoughts, campaigns for women in STEM, and questions how not to be forgotten. A featured artist on

ventriloquism (badly done), and sharp observations. Darren Pizzazz, host of Meat Raffle and freelance extreme bingo caller, isn’t sure if he’s

BBC iPlayer and BBC Radio, Runner Up Komedia Comedy Awards 2024, BBC New Comedy Awards Nominee 2024 “Amelia Hamilton breaks the

written a show, but that won't stop him. Armed with a ukulele he resents and a bold new take on ventriloquism, he delivers a spectacle you won't

mold"- BNN

forget—no matter how hard you try. Rachel Quinn, Komedia New Comedy Award Finalist, doesn't look like a comedian—but looks can be

Ticket price: £6 Conc: £5 241 deals

&

.

deceiving. As she makes peace with her past self-limiting beliefs, she delivers sharp, unexpected observations that will catch you off guard—in

the best way possible. Expect a hilarious and uplifting half hour.

@ameliahamiltoncomedy ¢* @ameliahamiltoncomedy

@municipalcomedy X @MunicipalComedy co @municipal.comedy

Top Of The Camel

i

Wenty Two shows. Two venues. Just pure, methodically filtered maximum

variety, unfiltered comedy... ....

Every night
at the Maris and ott

(well, most - “every night” just sounds better, doesn’t

Top of the Camel is your all-access pass to the best of the fest - a curated series
showcasing Half a Camer’s finest and funniest acts.,
Sart bested cael ores sstoa inihs sad kanepickoe cons cammeceas’s

in a rotating lineup of top-tier comedy. Come for the laughs, stay for the mayhem.
One ticket. One hour. A new lineup every time.
This is full frontal, bottomless comedy — and you're right in the thick of it.
@ The Maris & Otter and The Joker.

Tuesdays @ The Joker shows are 2 hours long

Award winning Andy Fox Has So Many Friends! Each show a different line

———

At Half A Camel Nothing's Half Arsed, It Can't Be, We Don't Have One.

Andy Fox grew up on a council estate, won a comedy award, and someho
blagged his way into a full Brighton Fringe run. Don't ask how — just turn
He’s bringing a rotating gang of comics. He has new mates. The old ones are...

i aa ta

acc aad pl
ge

Thu 2 May, Sat 4 May, Sun 5 May, Mon 6 May, Wed 8 May, Mon 13 May, Sat 18 Ma

Wed 22 May, Thu 23 May, Fri 24 May, Sat 25 May, Sun 26 May, Mon 27 Ma

A

Enter the wild and wonderful world of Half a Camel.

Fox &
Friends

Wed 29 May, Thu 30 May, Fri 31 May, Sat 1 June — all shows 9:15pm.

uiaraniee
Ras

"SINUS

A

Ticket price: Free

thes CAMEL HALFA CAMEL HALF A’ CAMEL©) § HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL

J SIU)

— A'Tam

tachel

.

Amelia Hamilton: Forget Me Not

X

DARREN PIZZA2Z

.

E=

v

Ticket price: Free

an

=

@gag_n_bone_man d* @@gag_n_bone_man

BABA

ay

.

a

Ei <2
oa *

Graeme Rayner @ The Maris & Otter

Graeme Rayner: KrowdWerk

Oa 1UH

Diadalogy

YY,

~
_— +>

SHALF
A CAMELHALF
A’CAMEL HALF A‘CAMEL)

J10H HLSWY2)YUH

meas

Y,

4 HALF A‘CAMELi HALF fA CAMEL HALF A'CAMEL

SHALF A CAMELHALF
A CAMEL. HALFA‘CA

HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL
VERY ALERT TO THE
ENEROY FLOW OF

PAKISTANDUP (Work In Progress)

OF

Syed Ahmad Raza @ The Joker

rs

=] HALF
A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAM EL

THE ROOM.

“ts
pas3

IMHON@@Q

"PakiStandUp” is a work-in-progress satirical Comedy show which emphasizes on culturally shocking and hilarious elements and experiences of

INSIDE

impulsively considered an Indian because of brown skin in the first glance. This show compares relationship styles, parenting, approach to mental

Produced by Yemi Olanrewaju
Directed by Femi (Tiger) Johnson

political aspects of both countries. "For God's sake, just let me integrate", says Raza while awkwardly sniffing Fish & Chips. An act with real

by PeterFox,*****

Langfield Pictures

2

@ The Joker

“TT
Who can love a MAN unconditionally? His wife? His Child? His Mother? His God? Find out in INSIDE the struggles of a Man

health, traffic rules, financial struggle, traveling adventures of Pakistan and UK. Overall, it's an amalgam of Sheer Fun and Dark Satire on socio-

**

Inside

A 2 MAN PLAY

a new immigrant in the UK. t also speaks of less representation of Pakistanis in the Comedy Circuit of UK and battles the stereotype of being

potential - Hats Funny Comedy, ***

1
ae

atl

Ticket price: £15, £10 (cone)

n

@) @langfieldpictures

- Intelligent writing, spot on delivery, very alert to the energy flow of the room - NottsComedyReview

cat

-HalfaCamel's Kick of the Fringe - Half ACamel,*****

Oversharers

le

Ticket price: £7 241 deals

Bonnie Adair & Stormy Pasha @ The Joker

@) @comedywithraza

RS

irl
Rohan Sharma: Mad Dog

What do mums, babies, gays and friends have in common? They all love to spill the tea and overshare. Come for an evening of

Rohan Sharma @ The Joker

is the right way to bring up a child? How can there be so many people in my city but nobody for me to date? We don't have the

MilNi&i®)

answers but you can learn from our mistakes... Despite having nothing but their age and the need to chronically overshare in

uplifting comedy, silliness and joy where we tackle the big questions... How to get things done even if you feel "dead inside"? What

common, Bonnie and Pasha debut their split bill comedy show. Come and share the joy!
Rohan Sharma is a British/Indian comedian who is/isn't bringing his debut hour about his harrowing/comfortable upbringing to the Fringe this
year. He will talk about how he's faced racism/no racism and he will criticise/champion Britain and its checkered/flawless history, all through the

Ticket price: £5 (PWYW)

lens of a man who's brain has been nourished/corroded by the modern world. The reigning Leicester Square New Comedian of the Year

@) @bonnieadairtv @pash_ch GJ'@tormy.pasha

champion presents his hotly-anticipated debut in this fast-paced, multimedia odyssey. Come see truth become lies, lies become truth, and the

who Killed the plot

sk

Who Killed The Plot @The Joker

@) @sharmycomedy

Who killed the plot? Well, t was definitely one of us... but can you figure out who? Join us for a hilariousfy unpredictable

The Second

improvised murder mystery with a twist! Watch as a cast of quick-thinking improvisers blend the best of short-form chaos like

Shoulder Cat Productions @ The Joker

lines from a hat and Party Quirks, with the intrigue of a long-form whodunit. Expect wild characters, ridfculous twists, and plenty of
unscripted moments. Will we solve the crime, or just make things even more absurd? There's only one way to find out, come see
the mystery (and the madness) unfold!

The first of anything is usually okay, often it's rather exciting. First day in

Ticket price: £8 Cone: £5 241 deals

Usually the better one. But the second. The second of anything can be brutal. You should know what you're doing by the second

Half

A Camel - Top Of The Camel

Half A Camel.s Top OF The Camel Comedians @ The Joker

=

SESKA: SUPERSILLYMAGICSHOW
Twenty Two shows. Two venues. Just pure, methodically filtered maximum variety, unfiltered comedy

SESKA@ The Joker

wonderful world of Half a Camel. Top of the Camel is your all-access pass to the best of the fest Half a Camel's finest and funniest acts., totally uncurated comedy1

Enter the wild and

a curated series showcasing

We're hosting cult favourites, rising misfits, and hand-picked

Crazier than finding a penguin in your fridge, turbo-charged Seska throws buckets of happiness into the air in this brilliantly inventive super silly

chaos merchants in a rotating lineup of top-tier comedy! Come for the laughs, stay for the mayhem. One ticket. One hour. A new

magic show. - Winner SPIRIT OF FRINGE - Colchester Fringe Festival - Nominated BEST FAMILY SHOW-

lineup every time. This is full frontal, bottomless comedy -

Nominated BEST FAMILY

Leicester Comedy Festival -

and you're right in the thick of it.

@ The Maris & Otter and The Joker.

Tuesdays shows are 2 hours long At Half A Camel Nothing's Half Arsed, It Can't Be, We Don't Have One. CLICK TECKET LINK TO

SHOW
- Brighton Fringe - Winner BEST SOLO SHOW- Banjul Arts Festival - 'One of the world's top comedy

magicians’ - BBC RADIO - 'Quite simply one of the best comedy magicians entertaining families in the UK' -LONDON EVENING STANDARD -

GUARANTEE A SEAT, or check our INSTAGRAM HIGHLIGHTS for who's on which show, and every other show has a highlight for

The bombardment of sounds, music, colours and Seska's infectious, quick-fire energy means that even the most fidgety of children will be

every day of the Fringe. Keeping it simple, for your pleasure.

spellbound for 50 minutes of silliness' - BROADWAY BABY - When Seska comes to town, kids laugh out loud, dads fert out loud, and mums faint

Ticket price: Free - Donations

a his feet! Entertaining crowds from Mumbai to Trinidad, a firm favourite at Camp Bestival - Widely regarded as one of the best on the fringe

@) @half.a.camel

circuit he sells out every year!

Ticket price: £8.50

"Ti

ool
~“*

a

=
rm

Zz

X @seskamagic

=
as

Oversharers HalfA Camel Brighton Fringe
Bonnie Adair & Stormy Pasha

ate
==
aa

wrong. A chaotic comedic play, written by multi-award-winning writer, Paul Richards. Directed by Cara Hanman.

Ticket price: Free

ae
c

@) @whokilledtheplot

attempt. No excuses, you've done this before. But the second, as we're about to find out, is where things can often go horribly

a

iT]

a new job? You can make mistakes, it's fine! First date?

You're allowed to be nervous, you've only just met them! First marriage? We all make mistakes, don't worry about it. First child?

aes
a
=
Fy

dog become mad. BBC New Comedy Nominee 2024.

Ticket price: Free

Zz

@ The Joker

=:
"TT

What do mums, babies, gays and friends have in common? They all love to spill the tea and overshare. Come for an evening of uplifting comedy,

silliness and joy where we tackle the big questions... How to get things done even if you feel "dead inside"? What is the right way to bring up a

lat

child? How can there be so many people in my city but nobody for me to date? We don't have the answers but you can leam from our mistakes.
Despite having nothing but their age and the need to chronically overshare in common, Bonnie and Pasha debut their split bill comedy show.
Come and share the joy!

rn

Ticket price: £5 (PWYW)

@ @bonnieadairtv @pash_ch GJ'@tormy.pasha

Page Three

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL &-

ae

=
m

HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL E

bid

rs

Daisy M Stone: Well, this is sketchy

Anna Hale: Control Freak (Work In Progress)

we

- HALF
A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

rine

Anna Hale @ PUCK Rock Comedy

Daisy M Stone @ PUCK Rock Comedy

Ewch ot

May 31st 8:45pm

Ee

‘Daisy M Stone: Well, this is sketchy is a cocktail of comedy monologues, poetry, and sketches all shakeninto a one-woman show. Amongst a

Li.

ol

Introducing Anna Hale: comedian, singer-songwriter, control freak. She’s written the jokes and the music and the lyrics. She's rigged the lights and

myriad of characters, Daisy would like to introduce you to a 7yr old Cowboy Pirate, several awkward teenagers, the housemate who teaches you

sold the tickets, designed the costume and run the sound check. She's even shown you
to your seat. Of course she doesn’t need help. But what

that sieving tuna is wrong, the performer of Shakespeare's missing Ode, and Cassie the reporter from beyond the grave. From nostalgia to

happens to acontrol freak when her world is out of control? She's got sixty minutes to solve every problem in her life. Sounds easy. The real

embarrassment, and from grief to the ridiculous, Daisy presents the chaos in being

ahuman woman.

challenge
is doing it without letting anyone else have a go. With a bunch of hilarious original songs, “natural charisma” (Beyond The Joke) and

“undeniable vocal pyrotechnics” (Chortle), this glitzy debut from the 2024 Musical Comedy Awards ‘Audience Favourite’ and runner-up promises

i
=

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £4 241 deals

ariotous comedic journey through the manically organised mind of one of the country's fastest rising musical comedy stars.

@da isy mstone

Ticket price: Free

@allhaleanna ¢/ @allhaleanna

cil

Mat Smith and Kieran Carr Spilt Bill

lad

a

Sam Joseph's Extended Comedy Booby Trap! @ Puck Rock

OF

Comedy

ra ft

Sam Joseph @ PUCK

fe

Mat Smith & Kieran Carr @ PUCK Rock Comedy
|

Rock Comedy

:

May 10th 1:45pm

ge

Mat Smith (as heard on BBC, Komedia New Comedian 2024 semi-finalist) and Kieran Carr (2023 NZ Comedy Guild Awards) have jokes and

May 4th 3:45pm

they have
to share them. Jointwo comedy mates who both look 35 (but are not) as they work out a mix of new material and old ‘classics’ and
decide if they ever want to sharea show again. Kieran has been a standup for three years, working in the UK and in New Zealand. He was a staple

>

Ls

—

Sam Joseph delivers his Virtual Reality "Extended Comedy Booby Trap” as a live show. Find out what folks have been splitting their sides to

on the Auckland scene there, winning an award at the 2023 NZ Comedy Guild Awards. Since returning, he performs around the country at Glee

around the world! “Superb” - Pete Dickenson (Scriptwriter and Movie Maker) "Very creative” - George Tothill (Chortle Student Comedy Award

Club Birmingham, West End

Finalist 2021) “Strangely watchable” - Gordana Micié (Groovie Comedy) "Like a geek, grown up” - Markus Birdman (Britain's Got Talent Finalist)

2022, and has had material featured on BBC Radio 4 and BBC Scotland. Described as “precise, direct and unwavering” Mat has performed at Hot

Ticket price: £5 Conc: £3 241 deals

Water, Komedia, The Bill Murray, Backyard. He's also a bad bisexual with a black belt in judo but no driver's license. Certainly doing something

Comedy Club, Backyard Comedy Club, and last year’s Edinburgh Fringe. Mat has been performing comedy since

Li.

wall

BUBBLES. Spacial Boy.

cS
ale
wl

Projekt Antihero

@ PUCK Rock Comedy

Bubbles needs to get his shit together before heviolates probation and they put him away for good.A one person show about struggling to

.

.

.

4

@proj ektantihero J @p ws ektantihero
=

RHODRI BURIRICK: RY. YO.)
Y CoNtRiBuTiOn tO;ThE/ArTs
2
Ro
aS

tis
=

os

Tall Tales For All Men is a captivating spoken word theatre show by performance poet Tony Curry. Through a mix of poignant storytelling and
poetry —at times accompanied by his acoustic guitar—Tony brings to life the joys and struggles of growing up in 1970s Crawley, Sussex. The

youngest of four brothers, born to an English father and South African mother, he shares tales filled with warmth, humour, and love. Yet, beneath

Rhodri Buttrick: mY CoNtRiBuTiOn tO ThE ArTs

= “i

writer, Tony also works to support men’s well-being—an ethos woven into the heart of this show. Raw, heartfelt, and deeply human, Tall Tales For

:
:
Rhodri Buttrick

a
a:
rae

All Men is more than a performance—it's a space for connection and healing.

@ PUCK Rock Comedy

pokes

May 3rd 2:30PM and 7:30pm, May 4th 2:30pm and 6:15pm

other stuff... Worth every penny the arts council have thrown at him (£5.50), this is his much needed Contribution to The Arts. Make sure to

a

F
;

the laughter, there's deep reflection, as Tony opens up about the premature loss of both his father and brother. Beyond being a poet, musician, and

in

Las

Tony Sheppa rd @ PU CK Rock Comedy

.

4. CHANCES TO SEE THE SAME SHOW OVER 2 DAYS. Not to be missed!! Rhodri Buttrick is a product of the garishly colourful 90s, shaped and

te
ae
mal

ei y -_

Ae

'
.

ee
ore

Ss ) ‘

Ticket p price: £5 Conc: £2

2.
had

@thatmatsmith @kieran.carr_
Tall Tales for All Men @ PUCK Rock Comedy

lal

os

a

battered by decay and ruin of the last two decades. Expecta tale of dyslexia, Bodger and Badger, the radio industry, Welsh heritage and some

tee a seat

guaran

Ticket

price:

Free Entry

Se pene ee eny

Ticket price: £10 Conc: £5 241 deals

@tonysheppard86
.

—

Qu

3

PWYW aft

os

/,

© AF

Sal

.

HM

-:

‘

Q u i rk

dna

~

S

. .

y

Rich Wilson, James Redmond, Belle Emilie Gold, Ben Pope and Jack

few Henison
@ PUCK Rock Comedy

@thisisrhodders
Decaf Double Espresso - Work in Progress
Marina Smith and Gen Sing er @ PUCK Rock Comedy

{s)

10]
:

tee
oe .

,

yy = f

MC: Rich Wilson - One of the most in demand MC’s on Britain’s comedy circuit. Leicester Best Show 2024 Nominee. James Redmond is dry, slick
.

and subtle stand up who delivers unexpected twists and turns during his set as he deconstructs his art Belle Emilie Gold - Dubbed “The female

Stephen Wright” and "Best New Comedianin the U.K.” by Mock The Week's Adam Bloom, Belle Emilie Gold is a surreal one-liner comedian, fast
making a name for herself on the professional circuit. “brimming with creativity.” Julia Chamberlain of Gilded Balloon Ben Pope (24th & 25th
ONLY) is a stand-up comedian, writer and comedy performer, gigging across the UK. Ben has written for The News Quiz (BBC Radio 4) and has

Oat-milk-loving comedy hotshots Gen and Marina bring their signature blend of sharp observations, warm stage presence, and alternative edge

appeared on Achievement Unlocked (Comedy Central), Comedy Guide to Life (Dave) and BBC New Comedy Award on Radio 4 Jack Henison- If

to the Brighton Fringe. As it says onthe spare mug in the office kitchen, “Don’t talk to me until I've had my debut stand-up split bill comedy show

youlike jokes about music, clothes & talking animals delivered in a self-deprecating manner by a man with Peter Pan syndrome then you're in

from Gen Singer (So You Think You're Funny Semi-Finalist 2024) and Marina Smith (Leicester Comedy Festival Circuit Breaker 2025), which is

good company.

very funny and makes you goha haha but also sometimes hmm that is so true actually”

Ticket price: £7.50
Ticket price: FREE
@gensingercomedy @marinasmithcomedy

Le

ell

se
aie

page

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL FE)

|HALF
A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

EW) 0 SIGH TAWNY 8 IVE TaN YU 1H TaN 0 WH

zal HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL)

bl

rs

= HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAM EL

Josh Invain: Affirmation (Work In Progress)

Songs for the 2020's

Josh Invain @ PUCK Rock Comedy

Majk Stokes @ PUCK Rock Comedy

i

Ee
le

ol

i
=
cil

May 9th 6:15pm, 10th 2:30pm and 6:15pm and May 11th 2:30pm

Let's face it, the 2020's started badly. Have they improved? Join comedy singer-songwriter and poet Majk Stokes*, once described as “Bill

Leicester Square New Comedian of the Year Semi Finalist 2024 and Soho Theatre Labs Alumni Josh Invain brings the work in progress of their
debut show “Affirmation” to Brighton Fringe. They think the show is an exploration of identity and how sometimes the only way to affirm who you

Bailey's good-looking younger brother’ as he explores some of the issues that face us all today, including social media, computers, coffee,

are
is by getting the help
of

relationships, the environment and being stuck in a phone queue, and finds the funny side. (There is one, honest.) Warning: may contain politics

aroomof strangers.

"Musical comedy genius” - audience member "Comedy singer-songwriter extraordinaire” - audience member "The gentlest hour
of left-wing

Ticket price: £5 Conc: FREE

politics you're likely to find at the Fringe” - audience member “Very entertaining, even with doom-laden material” - audience member “it's

pronounced "Mike"

@boredxcore

Ticket price: £8 (PWYW)

Becky Fury: British-ish

@majkstokes X @MajkStokes

@ PUCK Rock Comedy

Becky Fury @ PUCK Rock Comedy

lad

s

Trance-Head Trev, Dial-Up The 90's, Right Here, Right Now
Becky Fury - “Finest sticks of comedy dynamite to be found forlove or a suggested donation” Scotsgay Award winning Becky Fury uses her

ee

serious and seriously silly effort to redefine Britishness, British historical figures and what makes Britain great. Colonialism is also discussed as

La

moments come from Becky's honest insight and story telling skills; discussing her experiences dealing with casual and not so casual rascism.

—
bin

wall

ae
ake
wml
a

p=

Lad

mentions his love for Emmerdale Farm NOT Emmerdale! Join Trev as he re re winds back to the Bang’in 90's YEAH!

free-thinking stuff from a confident and articulate comedian - On The Mic, %& %& %& ¥& The ‘confession’ about her colonial Indian family was as

Ticket price: FREE

edgy and endearing. One to watch. - Lancaster Gaurdian, & *& *& & &

@farleytrev
Ticket price: Donations

@becky_fury X @beckyfury dt @becky_fury

Everybody's Dating Ollie
Ollie

@ PUCK Rock Comedy

May 23rd, 24th, 25th, 27th, 28th, 30th, 31st and June 1st 7:30pm

Hello there! Do you fancy Ollie? It's not a requirement to enjoy the show, but it certainly helps. "Everybody's Dating Ollie” is Ollie's debut solo

show and their first attempt at dating an entire audience. That's right—sit back, relax, and enjoy the show as you all go on adate with Ollie’ You'll
learn about their sexual orientation, relationships, and take a sharp look at the dating patterns we all easily fall into. Expect a showcase of Ollie's

hobbies, including singing, dancing, laughing, and maybe even a few tears. “There will be a topless scene but no nudity involved in this show.*

Ticket price: £10 2 4 1 deals

te
sir
mal

achievements right here right now. Trev talks about his life, Ibiza, his DJ/music producer dreams & raving in his local fish & chip shop. Trev also

talent” On The Mic **** “Took my breath away with her comic inventiveness " Lancaster Gaurdian **** Reviews- This is intelligent, very funny,

-

ore

Nostalgia, The 90's & Rave Music is the theme as Trev takes you through the last decade of the 20th Century and beyond with his new music

This serious subjectis dealt with Becky’s trademark mischievous humour and is a perceptive hot take
on what is often a decisive "A tremendous

os

=

May 17th 5pm, 22nd 7:30pm, 31st 5pm and June 1st 6:15pm

Becky's family is Anglo Indian, a mixed race culture bred by the British to runthe Raj. The British-ish of the title. Many of the shows funniest

Join this clown as they embark on an adventure into the world of relationships—with you!

ee

Trance-Head Trev @ PUCK Rock Comedy

identity as a mixed race, bisexual UK bor human to investigate what it means to be British - ish British-ish is a fast paced hour which makes a

@daftelation

Are you looking at me?
Queen Queerlysh @ PUCK Rock Comedy
May 8th 7:30pm, 10th 3:45pm, 24th annd 25th 5pm

Step into the vibrant world of Queen Queerlysh, a fearless lesbian performer who dives headfirst into relationships, LGBT identity, and her unique
outlook on life. Blending free verse, narrative poetry, imaginative soundscapes, and captivating videos, this multimedia spoken word show tackles

everyday struggles and celebrates the transformative power of words. Raw, thought-provoking, and laced with humor, Queen Queerlysh explores
love, identity, and the messy beauty of the human experience in a way that's unapologetically honest and deeply relatable. This unmissable
performance is for adult audiences only. Reviews - Comedy with tremulous reality makes for a wholesomely enjoyable performance. Suresh

Nampuri- JA theatre Lisbon, %& %& %&e%&
%& - Queen Queerlysh wowed me with her unrivalled fire. She's magical! - Natalie Nascenzi, Author,
*% & &&
& - See Queen Queerlysh flies the flag for LGBT issues educating & entertaining. - Yasser Kayani, Comedian, & *& &*&
&

Ticket price: Free

tis

@queen_queerlysh X @ginnye_p

=

os
La,

ell

ee
aie

Page) Two

HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL &

|)(HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

EW) 0 SIGH TAWNY 8 IVE TaN YU 1H TaN 0 WH

axl HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

ad

:

Is She Really Going Out with Jim?

4HALFA CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

Plaster

BISod me UPMEHOFEN NS BIQQq Me Up Marjorie!

Shoulder Cat Productions @ The Joker

ce
Lt

freer

a

~

a
J

Alison and Jim: a perfectly mismatched couple. Early 40s, they may have found each other later in life, but with a healthy combination of
excitement and experience, they are having the best time together. It's just..why does he always panic and let himself down? A quirky new

4
hilarious

comedy play by multi-award-winning playwright Paul Richards about staying strong together, despite the somewhat brutal opinions of literally

peek behind,

;

:

everybody else. Performed by Ruby Florence and Paul Richards, directed by Cara Hanman.

cl

2°

the scenes of a

Project M Productions @ The Joker

»

:

a

The Amazing Hypnotist & Mentalist

:

7

peek behind the scenes of a murder mystery.

;

:

In this brand new razor-

i ;

SIRE EVO-TIEE WTEE VS FOIDE SOI CIETY COME SCIRNS BE HNO (AIS COED UK SF 1G TSE CANNIG SAENIOLE Of ay Dee Der EiaSs YOU Crenice tO S06

what goes on backstage of a murder mystery, where things are not always what they seem. Watch as our characters battle to keep their event
alive and their dead body dead.

@ The Joker

Becky Fury: British-ish @ The Joker
Becky Fury @ The Joker

A jaw-dropping mind reading and mentalism show that will leave you on the edge of your seats. Expect West End quality entertainment, Derren
Brown-style mind games and all-round psychological wonder as Daniel reads volunteers’ minds and predicts audiences decisions live on stage
Becky Fury - “Finest sticks of comedy dynamite to be found for love or a suggested donation” Scotsgay Award winning Becky Fury uses her

Ticket price: £8

Oe

identity as a mixed race, bisexual UK born human to investigate what it means to be British - ish British-ish is a fast paced hour which makes a

serious and seriously silly effort to redefine Britishness, British historical figures and what makes Britain great. Colonialism is also discussed as

@daniel.s.hypnotist d* @daniel.s.hypnotist

Lf

Becky's family is Anglo Indian, a mixed race culture bred by the British to run the Raj. The British-ish of the title. Many of the shows funniest
moments come from Becky's honest insight and story telling skills; discussing her experiences dealing with casual and not so casual rascism.

Loo-Prov! - Improvised Comedy

cE

Loo-Prov! @ The Joker

This serious subject is dealt with Becky's trademark mischievous humour and is a perceptive hot take on what is often a decisive “A tremendous

pet

a,

talent” On The Mic **** “Took my breath away with her comic inventiveness “ Lancaster Gaurdian **** Reviews- This is intelligent, very funny,

ee

free-thinking stuff from a confident and articulate comedian - On The Mic, *%& % %& %* The ‘confession’ about her colonial Indian family was as

as

(lia

edgy and endearing. One to watch. - Lancaster Gaurdian, * *& *& *& *&

Ticket price: Donations

Ever wondered what happens on the other side of the doors to the ladies toilets? The women from Loo-Prov! bring the tears, pep talks and

al

confessions of the bathrooms to the stage with their completely improvised show. This all female, London and Brighton based team is a favourite

@becky_fury X @beckyfury d* @becky_fury

with local audiences! Finalists in the Free Association's 2024 Cage Match and performers at the 2024 Das Improv festival in Berlin, and Liverpool

fa
rae
wail

Improv Festival 2025, their show is a touching, funny and sometimes illuminating experience!

Inside

Ticket price: FREE

Langfield Pictures @ The Joker

@loo_prov

tal

Anna Hale: Control Freak (Work In Progress)

;

Anna Hale @ The Joker

Who can love a MAN unconditionally? His wife? His Child? His Mother? His God? Find out in INSIDE the struggles of a Man
Produced by Yemi Olanrewaju
Directed by Femi (Tiger) Johnson

Ticket price: £15, £10 (conc)

@langfieldpictures
Introducing Anna Hale: comedian, singer-songwriter, control freak. She's written the jokes and the music and the lyrics. She's rigged the lights and

sold the tickets, designed the costume and run the sound check. She’s even shown you to your seat. Of course she doesn't need help. But what
happens to a control freak when her world is out of control? She's got sixty minutes to solve every problem in her life. Sounds easy. The real
challenge is doing it without letting anyone else have a go. With a bunch of hilarious original songs, “natural charisma” (Beyond The Joke) and

=

“undeniable vocal pyrotechnics” (Chortle), this glitzy debut from the 2024 Musical Comedy Awards ‘Audience Favourite’ and runner-up promises
a riotous comedic journey through the manically organised mind of one of the country's fastest rising musical comedy stars.

Hy

Tall Tales for All Men @ The Joker
Tony Sheppard @ The Joker
May 10th 6:45pm, 14th and 15th 8pm and May 16th 6:15pm

Tall Tales For All Men is a captivating spoken word theatre show by performance poet Tony Curry. Through a mix of poignant storytelling and
poetry —at times accompanied by his acoustic guitar—Tony brings to life the joys and struggles of growing up in 1970s Crawley, Sussex. The

aml

as

¥

@projectmproductions

2

a

:

Mind Reading Mentalism Show

(ad

:

Marjorie! is a fast-paced, laugh-out out comedy that takes a

iss

Ticket price: £10, £5 (conc)

axl

a

-

ae

ite

ay 2nd 8pm, May 3rd 8pm, May 4th 5.30pm, May 5th 5.30pm, May 6th 8pm

Blood Me Up

eg

aye ey ayaa

Ticket price: £6 Conc: £5 241 deals

ti
as

ea
a
eal

asf]

wv

Ticket price: Free

@allhaleanna X @allhaleanna

youngest of four brothers, born to an English father and South African mother, he shares tales filled with warmth, humour, and love. Yet, beneath
the laughter, there's deep reflection, as Tony opens up about the premature loss of both his father and brother. Beyond being a poet, musician, and

writer, Tony also works to support men’s well-being—an ethos woven into the heart of this show. Raw, heartfelt, and deeply human, Tall Tales For
All Men is more than a performance—it’s a space for connection and healing.

ms

Lov
Lau
TD ease tad eaetieaniase?

fm
ws
Si
3

Love and Laugh
~=©Hose Comedy @ The Joker

Ticket price: £10 Conc: £5 241 deals

Love & Laugh is the ultimate show of comedy and romance! Watch comedians tell jokes about their relationship disasters and discover what are

Instascam: Inside The Murky World Of Instagram Scammers

people's biggest dating icks. Plus a relationship or sexual health expert will share real insights on how to improve your love life. You can also join in
by asking all our acts for advice on your own dating and relationship dramas. Having problems in the bedroom? Or struggling to get someone into

@tonysheppard86

James Billington @ The Joker

your bedroom? Don't worry — we're here to help, with zero judgment. Love & Laugh started in Bristol and has become an audience favourite on
the local comedy scene. We're now touring the country, helping people to build better romantic connections with themselves and other people.

So whether you're coming with a date or flying solo, this event promises to be an uplifting experience. Don’t miss out on this fun, warm and
inclusive show about love (and a little naughtiness).

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £5 2 for 1 deals

Get ready for a side-splitting hour of laughs as comic James Billington dives into the wild world of Instagram scammers! In this hilarious show,
he'll expose the most ridiculous, over-the-top schemes from the world of online hustlers. From stories involving kidnapped mothers, threesomes

with dogs and a £2m armed robbery theatre play, this is a show not to be missed. James also takes you behind the curtain and talks to the
scammers behind these accounts and takes a look at what Instagram are doing to help protect their users. Don't miss out on this comedy event

where social media meets satire. It's a show based on the book of the same names, full of laughs, silliness, and just plain weirdness.

@lovenlaughuk ¢* @hosewrites

==

Ticket price: Free

@james_billington_ XK @bilge1979

Fi
aie

HALF
A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL E-

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

"WD 0 SIUH TW 10H TSW) YUH TaN "10H

aad HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMELHALFA CAMEL

Rad

:
Ge

shoulder ft productions
A Bit Of This A Bit Of That

cml

Ticket price: Donations

(ad

2
(Ss
Lal

cE

is
rae
wal
tal

>»
c
had

s
Hy

aul

is
a
at

Multi-award-winning drummer playwright Paul Richards tells us the comedic story of life as a working musician. Not the glamorous stuff where

everything goes smoothly and you geta nice dressing room, we're talking about the grim gigs, you know, the ones we actually get paid for and
the wonderful if slightly conceming, characters we meet along the way. Warm, and packed with songs, this noisy little love letter to the social

clubs of the UK that somehow still exist is part play, part musical comedy. “Like an alternative Ferris Bueller... the escalating web of chaos is

@dewicomedy

skilfully scripted in the vein of
a classic film comedy. ****" - The Scotsman

Ticket price: Standard: £6 Conc: £5 241 deals

Girlhood (Work In Progress)

Love and Laugh

Ruckus Theatre @ The Joker

| June 1st 3pm |
Ruckus Theatre makes its Brighton Fringe debut with ‘Girlhood’, a work-in-progress piece. 'Girlhood' is a headphone verbatim theatre project
incorporating real-life interviews and personal stories to explore the complexities of being a woman and highlights the unique experiences and
challenges women face in today's society.

<M
td

a
LB.

aa

Fi
ale

Hose Comedy @ The Joker

The comedy show all about sex,
dating and relationships

Ticket price: £8 Conc: £6

Love & Laugh is the ultimate show of comedy and romance! Watch comedians tell jokes about their relationship disasters and discover what are

by asking all our acts for advice on your own dating and relationship dramas. Having problems in the bedroom? Or struggling to get someone into

your bedroom? Don't worry — we're here to help, with zero judgment. Love & Laugh started in Bristol and has become an audience favourite on

Namaste Blisters

(ma) te [el

the local comedy scene. We're now touring the country, helping people to build better romantic connections with themselves and other people.

May 31st and June 1st 4.15pm @ The Joker

i

inclusive show about love (anda little naughtiness).

So whether you're coming with a date or flying solo, this event promises to be an uplifting experience. Don't miss out on this fun, warm and

Plrra

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £5 2 for 1 deals

@lovenlaughuk gt @hosewrites

Namaste Blisters is a journey into the quirky, pretzel-twisting world of yoga, written and performed by Kym Nelson—a former yoga teacher who
swapped downward dogs for punchlines. The show unravels the stereotypes, secrets, and absurdity of the yoga industry. From eccentric
instructors to the unspoken truths of yoga classes, this show will bend your perspective in ways no vinyasa flow ever could! Whether you're a

seasoned yogi or someone who's only mastered the savasana (nap pose), you'll leave with a new appreciation for the art of finding your zen—and

Songs What Make You Feel

laughing at it, too! Guaranteed, you'll never look at yoga in the same way again. Previously performed at the Camden Fringe, the Edinburgh

Festival, and the Museum of Comedy, the show is currently touring theatres in the UK, Belgium and the Netherlands.

Glitch @ The Joker

Ticket price: £8 Conc: £6 241 deals

@kym_comedyplayground X @KymNelson cf @https://www.tiktok.com/@kymnelson

Obs
ope

"If music be the food of love, play on." (Glitch, October 2025). With the help of his Al best pal Sparks and his trusty electric guitar, Glitch invites

you to sing-along through the emotional Odyssey what is feeling stuff. However, with Glitch at the helm, is it ever just a sing-along? Combining
comedy, theatre and live-music, Songs What Make You Feel is a family-friendly show about the awesome power of our emotions and how we

Cabaret : Oddi-Tease

can harness them to our benefit and those around us. Reviews from last years Fringe Show: “It doesn't feel like any kind of worthy lecture. It's just

Oddi-Tease @ The Joker

a silly bloke singing silly songs, making kids and adults laugh. The story works and the characters are engaging, even the computer!

Recommended! (Audience Member) - A silly bloke singing silly songs, making kids and adults laugh. - Audience Member, * *% %& *%& % - Glitch

May 6th, 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th and 11th 9:15pm

brought the laughs, sing-alongs and energy in spades, so kids and their adults will love it. - Audience Member, *%& *& *& *& *&
Cabaret OddiTease is a celebration of all things Vintage, Cabaret and Queer. With a vintage Victorian feel, two classic Vaudevillian characters

Ticket price: £5, 2 for 1 deals

steer the show as the audience are treated to a bombardment of visceral cabaret style acts, combining the odd and the sexy. The cast will boast
the most extravagantly unusual and sexy performers, each night different from the last! But fear not! With Mortimer Moonbender alongside John

@officialglitchvisualz ¢* @officialglitchtiktok

Welles, two devilishly charming and dare | say sexy veteran performers of the Vaudeville variety, steering the ship every night; the show is bound

for great adventure and a delectable feast for the eyes!

Ticket price: £15

ASTROBALLS

ba

Yes Anderson: The Life Accompanied
Tiny Dynamite @ The Joker

)

/.

Pa

=

Lov
Lau

people's biggest dating icks. Plus a relationship or sexual health expert will share real insights on how to improve your love life. You can also join in

[hay

al

Paul Richards @ The Joker

From Cruise Ships to the comedy stage, Dewi brings his priceless stories and journey to us. He always tries to find the funny side of life.

Lt

axl

Paul Richards: There's a Band Playing at the Social Club
Tonight

Dewi Thomas @ The Joker

Hilariously relatable, Dewi reels you in with tales of balancing life with work.

ti
as

=] HALF
A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAM EL

Rachel O'Connor: Astroballs
Rachel O'Connor @ The Joker

A character comedy show featuring mystical influencers and kooky celebrities. Is spirituality your cup of tea (leaves) or do you think it’s just a load

e

of Astroballs?!! A show for anyone who loves - or hates - astrology and popular culture! Written and performed by Rachel O'Connor. Rachel is a
RACHEL OOONNOR

The films of Wes Anderson occupy a unique and vivid universe unto themselves: love and yearning; complicated family dynamics; existential

comedian and astrologer. She has a background in improv and sketch comedy, performed stand up comedy shows at a number of Fringe

angst. Binoculars. Maps. Suitcases. And a whole lot of whimsy. Into that universe step Brighton's improv stalwarts, Tiny Dynamite, back to bring

Festivals and featured in The Guardian. "Mystical giggles "A Force of Nature" “Hilarious"

you their take on the twee, colourful and idiosyncratic world of Wes. Based on audience suggestions, the performers will spin an anthology of
linked character portraits and story fragments. Our show will include a live improvised soundtrack, with underscore and occasional spontaneous

songs. So pack your rucksack, leave a laconic note for your family, and join us under the stars for The Life Accompanied, a show that will make yot

Ticket price: £8 241 deals
@astro_comedy_

laugh, make you cry, and make you wish you had packed your antique record player. “Funny, stylish, bonkers and above all very Wes Anderson.

Go and see it now.”- Reviews Hub, *% %& *% ¥%& 1/2 - “Full of unique and interesting characters” - Broadway World “Intergenerational love-triangles
with heists. And precocious children.’- The Big Issue

Ticket price: £11 Conc £8.50

@yesandersonimprov c* @tinydynamiteimprov

Page

HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL E-

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

"WY 0 10H TW) 8 1UH TSW) YS 1UH TaN "10H

al HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

matee

——

“

\/

<a

a, Vg

~

NN

43 HALFA‘CAMEL HALF ACAMEL HALF A’CAMEL)

—

tt

a

—

Brown vs. White: Bread Wars
Vish Lal and Genny Edwards @ The Maris & Otter

Two comedians in the ultimate ethnic sourdough split bill smackdown. In the brown corner: Vish Lal, one man on a mission to work

out whether he’s an absolute geezer or an absolute virgin. In the white corner: Genny Edwards (Timeout Red Hot Comedy
Competition Shortlist, Comedy Virgins Competition Finalist) who just wants to know where Manic Pixie Dream Girls go when they
grow up. ‘Vishnu and Genny win the audience over with their natural charm and chemistry. — Dec Munro, founder of the Bill
Murray

Ticket price: Free

@genevieveed

Katie Pritchard: | Kiss The Music
Katie Pritchard @ The Maris & Otter

Join multi-award-winning musical comedian, and body roll enthusiast — Katie Pritchard — as she dresses head to toe in the finest
unitard she could make and embarks on this award-nominated arena tour (to the back room of a pub). This “Absolutely electric”

(%& & & & X¥& Pepper & Salt) show features pumping pop anthems and dance moves you never thought the human body capable
of. Think Lady Gaga... on acid! WINNER Musical Comedy Awards | NOMINEE Best Variety Show Leicester Comedy Festival 2025

Literally the most hilarious thing in the world - Pepper and Salt, %& %& % % % Katie Pritchard is a one woman comedy music
powerhouse - VoiceMag, * * * * * Katie Pritchard is a force of nature! - one4review, *k**
*

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £5 241 deals

@katiepritchards X @katiepritchards ¢* @katiepritchards

Alex Farrow: New Order
Alex Farrow: New Order @ The Maris & Otter

| May 11th 3pm |
A new stand-up comedy show from former philosophy teacher Alex Farrow. Alex’s solo comedy shows have sold out at the

Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 2019, 2021 and 2022 as well as being a British Comedy Guide top ten pick. Featured in The Times as
part of the Best Jokes of the Fringe. As heard on BBC Radio 4 Extra. Alex's solo comedy shows have sold out at the Edinburgh

Festival Fringe in 2019, 2021 and 2022 as well as being a British Comedy Guide top ten pick. "Very Talented" - Chortle

A

Ticket price: £6 (pwyw) 241 deals

Y,

@alexfarrowcomedy

YY,

EL HAL

A

4

La)

=al

oo

HALF
A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL =,

AWW)UY SIUH TAWNUDU JH aw)\USNVGH 1aNW2)Us1U

a

A

ee
De

VF

“T

L HALF A'CAMEL HALF A‘CAMELn

HALFA’ CAMEL HALF ACAMEL HALF A‘

fee

Three MEL HALF A’ CAMEL HALFA CAMEL
Amur

Li HALFA'CAMEL HALF A‘CAMELn

Brown vs. White: Bread Wars
Vish Lal and Genny Edwards @ The Maris & Otter

Two comedians in the ultimate ethnic sourdough split bill smackdown. In the brown corner: Vish Lal, one man on a mission to work

out whether he’s an absolute geezer or an absolute virgin. In the white corner: Genny Edwards (Timeout Red Hot Comedy
Competition Shortlist, Comedy Virgins Competition Finalist) who just wants to know where Manic Pixie Dream Girls go when they

tt

grow up. ‘Vishnu and Genny win the audience over with their natural charm and chemistry. — Dec Munro, founder of the Bill
Murray

Ticket price: Free

@genevieveed

Katie Pritchard: | Kiss The Music
Katie Pritchard @ The Maris & Otter

Join multi-award-winning musical comedian, and body roll enthusiast — Katie Pritchard — as she dresses head to toe in the finest
unitard she could make and embarks on this award-nominated arena tour (to the back room of a pub). This “Absolutely electric”

(%& & & & X¥& Pepper & Salt) show features pumping pop anthems and dance moves you never thought the human body capable
of. Think Lady Gaga... on acid! WINNER Musical Comedy Awards | NOMINEE Best Variety Show Leicester Comedy Festival 2025

Literally the most hilarious thing in the world - Pepper and Salt, %& %& % % % Katie Pritchard is a one woman comedy music
powerhouse - VoiceMag, * * * * * Katie Pritchard is a force of nature! - one4review, *k**
*

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £5 241 deals

@katiepritchards X @katiepritchards ¢* @katiepritchards

Alex Farrow: New Order
Alex Farrow: New Order @ The Maris & Otter

| May 11th 3pm |
A new stand-up comedy show from former philosophy teacher Alex Farrow. Alex’s solo comedy shows have sold out at the

Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 2019, 2021 and 2022 as well as being a British Comedy Guide top ten pick. Featured in The Times as
part of the Best Jokes of the Fringe. As heard on BBC Radio 4 Extra. Alex's solo comedy shows have sold out at the Edinburgh

Festival Fringe in 2019, 2021 and 2022 as well as being a British Comedy Guide top ten pick. "Very Talented" - Chortle

A

Ticket price: £6 (pwyw) 241 deals

Y,

@alexfarrowcomedy

Vish Lal and Genny Edwards @ The Maris & Otter

YY,

EL HAL

A

Brown vs. White: Bread Wars

Two comedians in the ultimate ethnic sourdough split bill smackdown. In the brown corner: Vish Lal, one man on a mission to work
out whether he's an absolute geezer or an absolute virgin. In the white corner: Genny Edwards (Timeout Red Hot Comedy
Competition Shortlist, Comedy Virgins Competition Finalist) who just wants to know where Manic Pixie Dream Girls go when they
grow up. ‘Vishnu and Genny win the audience over with their natural charm and chemistry. — Dec Munro, founder of the Bill
Murray

Ticket price: Free
@genevieveed

La)

=al

[<4

HALFA CAMELHALF A CAMEL HALFA UCL)

neur A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL

AWW)

a

Ye

a

—

oa 10H

——

TSWW3, JH HLSWY),US 1UH HLSW),

matee

“T

ee
De

7

A

a

HALFA’CAMELHALFA ‘CAMEL HALFACAMEL) SHALF
A ‘CAMELHALF
A‘ CAMEL HALF
A’CAMEL)

HALF
A CAMEL ALFA‘CAMELHALFA‘CAMEL|§ : HALE
A CAMEL HALE A CAMELHALF.A CAMEL)
Molly McBride and Mariah Bowden @ Presuming Ed

Shit

rs

Sam Joseph's Extended Comedy Booby Trap!

OO

tlc)

Sam Joseph @ Presuming Ed

are

A

EIRSt oe

May 6th, 7th and 8th 6;30pm, May 10th and 11th 1:30pm

Sam Joseph delivers his Virtual Reality "Extended Comedy Booby Trap” as a live show. Find out what folks have been splitting their sides to

They've been called many things over the years. Gorgeous (definitely). Hilarious (obviously). Intelligent (mostly). And of course, Slag (F*ck off!
That's just your opinion, Adam). But there's one thing these babes long to be, and that's TOXIC. Molly McBride and Mariah Bowden have joined

around the world! “Superb” - Pete Dickenson (Scriptwriter and Movie Maker) “Very creative” - George Tothill (Chortle Student Comedy Award

i SAM JOSEPH
01273 911 991

forces to bring you, Toxic Femininity. This is a work in progress show that has sold out in venues across London and New Zealand. Next stop,

Finalist 2021) “Strangely watchable” - Gordana Mi¢ié (Groovie Comedy) “Like a geek, grown up” - Markus Birdman (Britain's Got Talent Finalist)

Ticket price: £5 Conc: £3 241 deals

Brighton Fringe. Each with a unique perspective on life, love and everything in between, these championsare just trying to survive. And most

@tansaku X @tansakuu cf @spartansaku

importantly, stay toxic! If you're a human, with human experiences, this is the show for you. Don't miss out on your chance to see these rising

Ticket price: FREE _ it's an experience. Molly and Mariah eat, breath and sleep Toxic Femininity. Join the party or get left behind.

ae on Comic Adventures (Work In Progress)
=1' Soay |
Ba
as m@P
Ed

<Comical Adventures... \ Sanjar qiam
h

Ay

Ai,

Tim
& Olly: y

eee

Alt Comedy @ Presuming Ed

May 2nd 5:15pm and 3rd 5:15pm

f

4

all live in a world which is shaped by the culture we were born into, but we are not always aware of it. | think | have seen a few things and become aware of
.

ay

[I DORADA
AME Aa

Plc)
athe

Mat 6th 7:45pm, 13th 7:45pm, 20th 7:45pm and 27th 7:45pm

The most funny thing in the world is to notice when ours, but particularly when others' assumptions are outdated, too serious or downright obnoxious. We

x

A Smorgasbord
of Nothin g
g

Joining forces to bring their esoteric & existentialist comedy stylings, Tim & Olly are playing at the Brighton Fringe for four nights only! Olly is in his

others enough to make you laugh. Also at The Caxton Arms

20s and has already had a colonoscopy. Tim recently moved to the UK trying to fill an existential void in his life but it’s left him feeling more alone

Ticket price: FREE

and directionless. Will these two lost souls manage to find answers in an answerless world or is life just a SMORGASBOARD OF NOTHING?

@saniman

A

work in progress

@ Presuming

Chie)
ae
4s

Ticket price: FREE

“Y,

-

ri

Good Grief

Francisco de Nata

¢

>

‘

oy

-

.

Francisco de Nata @ Presuming Ed

xf

Ree

May 2nd 6:30pm, 3rd 6:45pm, 4th 6:45pm and May 5th 4pm

—

R ey}16

.

Aoife Dunne @ Presuming Ed
Aoife Dunne blends stand-up and storytelling in a fast, fearless comedy show about grief, resilience, and life’s unexpected turns. A rising star in

Step into the joyful and absurd world of Francisco de Nata — A Giraffe. In a G-string. With a job to do. In this non-verbal clown show, featuring

Irish comedy, she weaves razor-sharp humour with honest storytelling, turning personal disasters into comedy gold. From funerals gone wrong to

audience interaction, puppetry, and yes, a very special Portuguese custard tart, Francisco de Nata invites you on a playful journey where

Nees

~~

disastrous breakups and questionable life choices, Aoife finds the funny in places you'd least expect. She takes the audience on a hilarious,

nonsense, vulnerability, and childlike wonder take centre stage. Tasked with painting a ceiling, Francisco's world soon unravels into chaos as he

me

heartfelt ride through life’s messiest moments. If you've ever had your plans go up in smoke or madea terrible decision—this show is for you.

stumbles through strange situations, unexpected challenges, and finds himself discovering what truly matters — all while waiting for something...

Ticket price: £9 Conc: £7

or someone. The clock is ticking, the paint is drying, and in the midst of all the surprises, there's a quiet sense of returning to somewhere we've

always known. A tender, ridiculous and heartfelt story following a Giraffe's love for his Avé (Grandma) and the world around him, but will it all come

@aoife_is_never_dunne

together for Francisco de Nata before the timer goes off?

THE BEAUTY OF BEING H ERD »
"ICONIC"

0k OI

“BONKERS”

odd

@franciscothegiraffe

A

Ticket price: Free

The Beauty of Being Herd

Paul Hilleard - I've got ideas (Work In Progress)

“HE

0

Ruth Berkoff @ Presuming Ed

at

Paul Hilleard

@ Presuming Ed

Z\

+

V/

@tim.ohare93

May 2nd 7:45pm, 3rd 5:15pm, 24th 7:45pm and 25th 5:15pm

The Beauty of Being Herd is a heartfelt comedy about a woman who's decided to live as a sheep. It's got original songs, gentle audience

The BBC New Comedian of the year 2024 is trying to write his first hour. Come watch him fail and succeed as he spouts nonsense about bus

interaction and a rave. Clowning, awkward parties and more sheep facts than you can shakea stick at. This a show for anyone who's ever felt like

drivers, yoga & Epstein.

an outsider. There are themes of neurodiversity, loneliness and consent, but it's presented with knickers on the head and a load of nonsense,

Ticket price: FREE

hilarity and a sprinkling of frolicking. Runner up for Best Newcomer and Best New Writing at Manchester Fringe 2024, The Beauty of Being Herd

@acatnamedpeaches

is fresh from SOLD OUT shows at Camden People’s Theatre and Glasgow Comedy Festival. Directed by Georgia Murphy. Sound design by

Isolde Lachlan. "Bizarre, bonkers and beautiful!" %& %& % %& %& (FairyPowered Productions) "We frolick like lambs, bleat like sheep, and dance at a
rave" ¥& %&%&
%¥& %& (West End Best Friend) "Heartfelt and honest. A piece of theatre which will resonate with many" *& %& %*& ¥& (Theatre and Tonic)

“Side-splittingly funny and so fundamentally relatable” *& %& % %& (Forge Press) “This is a show about belonging. As an autistic person who has

This Can't Be It (WIP)

struggled to belong her whole life, | have never felt so seen” (Audience feedback)

lear]

Ticket price: £10 (£5 concession)

Lawrence Dodd @ Presuming Ed

Bennet Kavanagh: Work in Progress

fire
tr 3

A.

This Can't Be It is an experimental comedy show about trying—and failing—to make sense of it all. Loz Dodd believes he’s creating something

Bennet Kavanagh @ Presuming Ed
May 28th and 29th 6:30pm, May 30th and 31st 5:15pm

dance, spoken word and a meandering stand up routine about having hands, in a desperate attempt to find meaning. It's messy, foolish, and wildly
imperfect—but Loz does it all with wide-eyed conviction, convinced there’s something worth discovering in the absurdity. Or maybe not. Either

Musical comedian Bennet Kavanagh (Bath Comedy Festival New Act of the Year Winner, Amused Moose Comedy Award People's Champion)

way, he’s giving it everything he's got. Expect surreal detours, anarchic energy, and moments of strange beauty as Loz stumbles through his own

presents a work-in-progress hour of new material. There will be songs. There will be stand-up. There will not be blood. As seen on Britain's Got

matters. Probably. “oozes originality and innovation... like watching a quiet existential crisis unfold in front of me” - Dan Jones “A surreal act

chaotic’ %& %& %& % -TheReviewsHub. A strong act that promises to be unique, entertaining, and charismatic - TheReviewsHub, * *& *& *&

Ticket price: £5 Conc: £3 241 deals

@bennetkav X @bennetkav ch @bennetkav

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF ACA

v

confusion while trying to make sense of yours. Will it all come together? Or will it fall apart spectacularly? Loz doesn’t know—but he’s sure it

Talent. Shortlisted for the BAFTA Rocliffe TV Comedy Writing Initiative 2019. 'Actually..that was funny' -Simon Cowell. 'Unique and charmingly

blurring the lines between performance art and comedy” — Betwixt Cabaret

Page One
c

Ticket price: £8 (PWYW)

:

@pleaselozplease @itsraygoldsby

(HALF A CAMEL HALF
A CAMEL HALF A CA

c-

HALF
A

~~

monumental. He might be wrong. But that won't stop him from throwing himself headfirst into the chaos, weaving together fragments of song,

SS

EL EY IH EL US 1UH L SW
0 J10H

22
bs

\/

~

a

A CAMEL HALE A‘CAMEL
HALF A CAMEIL HALF

Toxic Femininity (WIP)

ING. a1

——

——

d

A CAMEL HALFA ‘CAMELHALFA‘CAMEL)
ALFA‘CAMEL HALFA’CAMELHALFA‘CAMEL) HALF
a

Part stand-up, part actual pub quiz. Quick-witted Alex Love brings his highly interactive hour show to Brighton Fringe, where the audience are

After 10 years away from the spotlight, Alec Crane returns with his gift. Join him as he communicates with the world beyond, which, with the right

split into teams to compete against each other for prizes. Expect plenty of trivia, obscure references, and the host being needlessly petty over
points. The show has sold-out four years at Edinburgh Fringe and been performed as far afield as Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, and

guidance, can be controlled. "He won't leave us alone" - Magnus Charleston (died 1876) "Don't trust him" - A high-end T.V. Producer. "Alec

Swindon. The original squid game. ‘It is hilarious... Love appears to be the epitome of those times you are in the shower thinking: “Oh, it would

Crane... held the audience in the palm of his hand with his comedic timing and dramatic delivery" - Reviewing Brighton for Murder at The Manor.

@alec_prancing_about_in_comedy

have been really cool if | had said THAT“’ — ArtMurmurs.NZ. - ‘Whether winners or losers, everyone left happy. If you enjoy audience interaction, as
well as a quiz delivered by a skilful host with a twinkle in his eye, then do go along. It's fun’ %* %& %& % - Broadway Baby. - “That the energy and
humour are maintained throughout the show is testament to Love's ability to work an audience." - DenOfGeek.com - Love is a confident, relaxed

Ticket price: Free

performer who makes his audience fee! at ease... - BroadwayBaby.com, %& ¥%& ¥%* ¥ -It is fun for all.- One4Review, % ¥% %& ¥% - | had so much fun...
How To Win A Pub Quiz combines my love of facts and clever comedy. - ArtMurmurz.nz, &*&*&*&*&

@howtowinapubquiz

Richard Todd: Fine, Fine, Everything's Fine

Ticket price: £8 Conc: £6 2 41 deals

Richard Todd @ Presuming Ed

Alex MacKeith: WIP
Alex MacKeith @ Presuming Ed

Neurotic, overwrought and award-winning comedian Todd reminisces on his experiences working at a drop in for homeless and vulnerable
adults, and attempting to run art groups there. Expect to discover: alternative receptacles for tepid mince takeaways when Tupperware is not on

A

A big couple of years for the winner of the 2020 Musical Comedy Awards. Script got made into a feature film. Got married. Heart scare. More

tap; alternative solutions to broken windscreens wipers in a rain storm; and how the phrase ‘double bed’ is not to be taken lightly. He'll also be

honest now, join him for songs about horror movies, walks on the beach, plants, parenthood, loss and vegetarians as he builds up a new hour and

drawing to help ease his anxiety. May his doodles keep his demons at bay. Warm, personal, unique, and very funny.- CHORTLE, *& ¥%& %& %& -A

grapples with the awesome legacy of writing one of Stephen King's favourite films of 2023. Edinburgh Fringe Sell-Out Show 2022, BBC New

comic with the ability to do surrealism, storytelling and exquisitely crafted wordplay. - THE SCOTSMAN, * %& %& %& - An eccentrically created

Comedy Awards 2023 Semi-Finalist, British Independent Film Awards 2024 Debut Screenwriter Longlist. ‘An hour of songs that span the

world that you can't pull away from even if you wanted to. -THE LIST, ¥& *%& ¥& ¥&

sublime to the ridiculous - mostly the latter - written and performed by a sophisticated talent’ %& % %& %& Chortle -*& %* %& % Wee Review

@richardtoddtodd

-%& & & &LondonTheatre - %&%&
%& %& One4Review -% %& %& % OnTheMic - % %& 4% ¥% X& Pick of the Fringe

@alexmackeith

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £5

Ticket price: £5 (£3)

Katie Davison: 60 Minute Millionaire

Annabel Edmonds does a live read-through of her sitcom

Katie Davison @ Presuming Ed

scripts to critical acclaim and universal approval

May 24th 5:15pm, May 25th and 26th 4pm

Annabel Edmonds @ Presuming Ed

Become a millionaire in just 60 minutes, with tips from Mr MoneyBags himself, Steve Boobis”. This is a ‘Wealth Accumulation Seminar’, not a
comedy show. Less ‘get rich quick’ and more 'become wealthy fast' - big difference. *Real live millionaire: not a comedian in a bald-cap.

Character comedy show performed by Katie Davison (@karactersonline). As seen on BBC Three, heard on BBC Radio. ‘Hilarious’
‘Annabel Edmonds doesa live read through of her sitcom scripts to critical acclaim and universal approval' does EXACTLY what it says on the tin.

(BroadwayWorld.com)

Annabel Edmonds is a comedy writer whose work has appeared on BBC Radio 4, BBC Radio Scotland and every stage the Brighton comedy

@karactersonline

crime spoof for anyone with great taste. When Rosie discovers that her steak sandwich has been stolen from the office fridge, she creates her

Ticket price: Free

A

scene has to offer. Come see fantastic actors do a live read-through of her sitcom scripts 'Steak Out' and 'Gimme Shelter’. Steak Out is a true

own true crime podcast to bring the thief to justice. Gimme Shelter is a fast-paced comedy drama about working in a homeless shelter. Housing

worker Jess battles chronic underfunding, local politics and her own terrible personality to prove that she deserves a promotion - or, at least, not

George Harvey Comedy

to get suspended again.

@annabel_edmonds_comedy ¢* @AnnabelEdComedy

George Harvey @ Presuming Ed

Ticket price: Free
George Harvey is considered by many to be the best act from the knees down. His whimsical take on the mundane, paired with his high-energy
stage presence, has led promoters to call him “the greatest rockstar in the world.” George is building up to his first 45 minutes, and has invented

his groundbreaking "work in progress" labelling for this event. Surely every joke will be pure gold.

Chris East: Boxes Boxes Boxes (Work In Progress)

@georgeharveycomedy
Ticket price: Free

Chris East's new show is all about boxes. It's a comedy show about cardboard boxes, the people who use them and what gets put inside them.

Spoons', was hailed as “A masterclass in deadpan maintenance at the edge of absurdity” (The Reviews Hub) and "unnerving and amusing, with

Robocop Vs. The Terminator Vs. Gabriel Featherstone
Gabriel Featherstone @ Presuming Ed
May 23rd 5:15pm and May 25th 7:45pm

just a soup¢on of ennui.” (The Wee Review) As well as an ongoing web series 'East Meets’, Chris has recently written and directed the online
short 'The Breakup’ and BOXES BOXES BOXES is a work-in-progress of a second solo show. One of the UK's most underrated character

dwelling loons.” - Rob Wringham, New Escapologist Winner of one twenty-fifth of three Scottish Comedy Awards and one eleventh of a

Hayes, or Luke Rollason then th - Phoenix Remix, % % % %& - A masterclass in deadpan maintenance at the edge of absurdity - Reviews Hub

Reykjavik Fringe Award. Robocop: A relentless cyborg supercop from the mean streets of Detroit. The Terminator: An unstoppabble, remorseless

A.

“Wild, inventive comedy for fans of Emo Philips and Nick Lutsko.” — Chris Thorbum, Breaking The News. “The worthy heir to a noble line of fringe-

comedians - a strange and wonderful mind - Starburst Magazine, %* % % %& - Very funny, and very peculiar. If you enjoyed Doctor Brown, Freddie

killing machine from a nightmarish future. Gabriel Featherstone: A pretty good stand-up comedian who wrote a viral tweet about Tinky-Winky's

@chreast

sex life and a cool song about Shrek being good. These three titans of entertainment will face off in a bloody, mind-mangling, no holds barred
battle to the death! Also, Gabe might do some fun alternative comedy. Free entry on the door if you bring a homemade scarecrow that provably

Ticket price: Free

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF ACA

looks like your Dad.

v

HALFA

l

als

pear

Ticket price: £6 Conc: £3 241 deals

@gabefeatherstone X @WinkyTinky

;

HALF A CAMEL HALF A’ CAMEL HALF ACA

c-

~

xf

Lex Love @ Presuming Ed

—

elk

That's it. Chris East is an absurdist clown, sketch and character comedian from London. His debut show ‘My Brain is Soup, Your Hands are the

—

Plere

Alec Crane @ Presuming Ed

Chris East @ Presuming Ed

/

How To Win A Pub Quiz

>_>

AWG IH HL SW JH "AWY2.U IH EY a1

An Hour of Controlling The Dead - With Alec Crane

a

HALF A‘CAMEL HALF A’ CAMEL HALE A‘CAMEL

—_—

L HALE A‘CAMEL

HALF
A CAMEL ALFA‘CAMELHALFA‘CAMEL)|§

HALF
A ‘CAMEL HALF A’CAMEL
HALF A'CAMEL:
—_—

—_>_

—

Emma Davies & Mahesh Khil @ Presuming Ed

Low Effort Sketches @ Presuming Ed

Screw Upz, is a 90s game show mash-up about messing up in the workplace. The show was part of Camden People's Theatre, Sprint festival in

Multi award-winning sketch duo Low Effort Sketches bring their sell-out Edinburgh show to Brighton! Andy and Alice are riding high, but behind

March. Emma is a comedy performer, a Soho Character Comedy Lab alumni and Leicester Square Theatre's Sketch Off 2025 Semi Finalist.

the scenes all is not well. Andy wants to bring creative flair to the group, but Alice is fed up with him constantly going off-script. A surprise twist

a

A

Low Effort Sketches: As Described

AWG IH EL US IUH "AWY2.U IH EY a1

als
Screw Upz

drives a wedge between them - will they overcome their differences, or is this the end of Low Effort Sketches? Either way, your eardrums will

Ticket price: £8

never be the same again. Silly, fourth-wall breaking sketch comedy with ‘a fantastic sense of surreal mischief’ (Spectator). Winners of Leicester

Square Theatre Sketch Off 2022 and Get Up, Stand Up 2023. ‘Hilarious’ (Chortle). - ‘A masterclass in sketch comedy’ *%& *& *% ¥%&% (The Tab). -

@maheshkhil @emmarosedavies

‘Beautifully crafted’ %& ¥% %& %& 1 (The Reviews Hub). - ‘An hour of endless laughs’ * %& *& %&7 (Varsity). - ‘A great offbeat hidden gem’ * *& *& *&
(Lothian Life). - ‘Better than it has any right to be’ *& ¥%& %& ¥& (ThreeWeeks). - ‘Impossible to describe’ % %& %& ¥& (Ed Fest Mag).

Ticket price: £5 Conc: £3 241 deals

Space Planet Mission: The Improvised Sci-Fi Epic

@low.effort.sketches X @WeAreLowEffort ct @low.effort.sketches

Space Planet Mission @ Presuming Ed

Improbable planets full of extraordinary extraterrestrials. Everyday eccentricity set against an intergalactic backdrop. Civilisations so silly they

=

should be swallowed by a black hole. This is Space Planet Mission, the funniest sci-fi epic in the universe. It could be set in Earth's dystopian

David Anthony - Treason (Work In Progress)
David Anthony @ Presuming Ed

Geile.
7;;
£

=

Opa

:

cosmically dumb fun, accompanied live by an improvised sci-fi soundtrack. The cast of Space Planet Mission trained and teach at leading improv

Join David Anthony for a work in progress about tradition, culture and coming to terms with being English. Raised in Lewes, East Sussex, David

school The Free Association. They have performed in many of The FA's most popular shows, including critically acclaimed Edinburgh fringe hits 3

will explore with honesty the good and bad to one of this country’s strangest celebrations.

A

~

~

near-future, or a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away. But you won't need to know your Klingons from your Cylons. Join us for a supernova of

and St Doctor's Hospital, and in the West-End phenomenon Austentatious.

Ticket price: £3 Conc: £2

@davidanthonycomedy
@spmimprov

Ben Goldsmith: Memory

lee

Ben Goldsmith @ Presuming Ed

ii

Jessie Nixon: Work In Progress
Jessie Nixon @ Presuming Ed

rate

Del bearm
Ben needs to put on a big Hollywood show but, annoyingly, the end-of-the-world has got in his way. A new idea from character comedian Ben
Goldsmith, who returns to the Brighton Fringe with a new character comedy hour. Praise for his last show, CrimeLandTown, below: "An Insane

Nixon comes to Brighton with actual good jokes to tell, but yearns to be more than that, with a show including confessions, music and poems for

Upcoming, * *& %& % - Truly fantastic puns and running jokes - Broadway World, *& *%& *& *&

those who like their standup with layers. Your awful boyfriend will like it too. ‘Her material is warmly delivered but has a bit of bite’ Chortle ‘Her

Ticket price: Free

‘

material is strong, and it's clear she has far more show ready material in the locker’ Clownster Comedy ‘She doesn't remind me of anyone I've
seen before, which is a good sign. And she makes me laugh’ Bruce Desseau (Beyond the Joke)

@bengoldsmithlol

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £6 242 deals

Ob iC)
Ker ar

Jaz Mattu @ Presuming Ed

ra

a

a

fates of the Island's inhabitants through their dirty laundry. As we meet more characters, a picture of an Island ill-at-ease unfolds. Intertwining

\

Everyone is here for Jaz Mattu’s and his unique brand of absurdist, theatrical, multimedia stand-up comedy. You should be too. (PWYW).

Z\

We are in the Speed Queen, the last launderette on the Isle of Wight! In a fictional laundry, we follow Pet, the ancient proprietor, as she divines the

Featured in SKINNYS TOP 10 ALT COMEDY ED-FRINGE PICKS 2024 "A talented performer, with a great sense of comedic timing... Mattu has

untold myths and hidden histories of the Isle of Wight with original music, Speed Queen is a dark solo comedy that explores the state of isolation

created something truly unique." ENTERTAINMENT NOW * *& %* ¥ "If you're tired of watching predictable comedy, Jaz's show is for you."

and false-narratives in contemporary England. “The debut solo hour from 2024 Sketch Off! Finalist and "one-to-watch" (LMAOnise) for 2025,

SCOTSUP * * ¥ %*& "Great to watch if you like innovative comedy." POW SHOWBIZ * ¥* %* %* "Ambitious and Innovative" FEST "Mattu has

Ozzy Algar. "Must-see" DIVA Magazine Their comic timing is superb - Sinners Music “Ozzy Algar possessing all the star quality required” - Live

a great deal of creativity and ingenuity" BROADWAY BABY

London Review “Most peculiar character” - Chortle

Ticket price: £5 (pwyw)

@ozzyalgar

@jazmattuofficial

[el eeeDe)
LEIAIMPIRIOV

Isabelle Glinn @ Presuming Ed

al

The Elephant in the Room: An Improvised Comedy Show
Leamprov @ Presuming Ed

‘Notflix the Improvised Musical’ Isabelle Glinn presents a new solo show entirely On Ice. “Over-confident in her sporting abilities” - Broadway

An Improvised

World *& *& *& ¥&

Comedy Show

May 31st and June 1st 1:30pm

A quick-fire family friendly improvised sketch show chock full of fast-paced performing and silly short comedy sketches. The Elephant in the

Room is... we have no idea what the show will be about! We will be performing comedy sketches and theatre games crafted from suggestions

A.

The Elephant in the
Room:

A surreal musical comedy show about competitive figure skating. From the five star award winning shows ‘CSI: Crime Scene Improvisation’ and

from the audience and made up completely on the fly. In the style of such classics as "Whose line is it anyway?", we'll be bringing an hour of

Ticket price: £5 (PWYW) 241 deals

giggles, games and silliness.

@isabelleglinn

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF ACA

Ticket price: £8 Conc: £5 241 deals

©) @leamprov ch @leamprov

;

HALF A'CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALFA CA

“Y,

~~

Ce hi

May 25th 9pm and June 1st 6:30pm

Isabelle Glinn On Ice

HALFA

Jaz Mattu: Everyone Is Here

A

@jessienixoncomedy

Ozzy Algar, Tanika Lay-Meachen and BIGHEAD Comedy @ Presuming an

Ticket price: Free

eet
rare
BSS

Jessie Nixon is a tour de force comedian with something to say. She just doesn’t know what right now. Forged in the fires of the UK club circuit,

Amount of Fun" %& %&%
% The Upcoming - * *% %& %& The Wee Review - *% %& %& %& Broadway World - %& %& %& ¥& EdFringe - One of a Kind- The

Ozzy Algar: Speed Queen

Spe ge

c-

xf

V/

HALF A‘CAMELi HALF A’

Ticket price: Free

HALF
A CAMEL ALFA‘CAMELHALFA’CAMEL) § 3 HALF
A’CAMEL HALF A ‘CAMEL HALF.A CAMEL)
Palm Tree In London

Lance Mao: Chinese P€pp@ P!g

elit)

Instinct Pictures @ Presuming Ed

Lance Mao @ Presuming Ed

fi cme

a

IN LONDON
CRECTIO BY CLLR ROOT

May 31st 6:30pm

“Palm Tree in London" is a poignant two-character play that explores the cultural dichotomy between the white and black races, infused with

Lance spent the first half of his life in Hungary, and the second half in the UK. He's never fit in and it had finally caught up with him.
One day he hasa vision of a pig with main character energy who escapes captivity and embarks on a life-changing adventure in

shedding light on the rich, diverse heritage that each group brings to the table. By highlighting the importance of unity in diversity, the play

search of meaning. Step into the dark fever dream of a Chinese immigrant in this candid, auto-biographical stand-up show about

underscores the potential for harmonious coexistence and mutual enrichment when different cultures come together. The play centers around

ie
Ee
|

erisr:

subtle comedy to lighten the narrative. This story delves deeply into the complexities and tensions that arise from these cultural intersections,
PRXORLS £1 OA, ODO

SRE AAG GA WOU

[el

—

racism, mental health, facing your fears, and what it means to be human. NOT FOR KIDS OR FARM ANIMALS Get-Up Stand Up

two characters who embody the respective cultural backgrounds and experiences of the white and black communities. Through their

New Comedian of the Year 2024 Finalist - “One of the most honest pieces of comedy I've seen" (Audience review) “Devastatingly

interactions, the narrative reveals the personal and societal struggles each character faces. Their dialogues and conflicts provide a thorough

funny" (Audience review) “He needs a real therapist" (Aldi cashier)

chronicle of the tensions and misunderstandings that have historically plagued societies, revealing how deeply rooted prejudices and historical
injustices can impede progress toward true unity. The subtle comedy interwoven throughout their exchanges addsa layer of relatability and

Ticket price: FREE (PWYW)

warmth, making the heavy themes more accessible and engaging. Throughout the play, there is a persistent effort to advocate for equity and

@lancemao_ ch @lancemao

justice. The palm tree, a symbol of resilience and growth, embodies the hope for a future where cultural differences are not just tolerated but

celebrated. Yet, this vision of equity is constantly tested by various challenges, both external and internal.

Ticket price: £15 Conc: £10 241 deals

Good Grief

@lInstinctpictures J* @instinctpictures

Aoife Dunne @ Presuming Ed
=

AREL HEBDITCH:

Ariel Hebditch: Skeleton Out of the Closet

May 2nd 6:30pm, 3rd 6:45pm, 4th 6:45pm and May 5th 4pm

~

Ariel Hebditch @ Presuming Ed

Aoife Dunne blends stand-up and storytelling in a fast, fearless comedy show about grief, resilience, and life’s unexpected turns. A

~

rising star in Irish comedy, she weaves razor-sharp humour with honest storytelling, turning personal disasters into comedy gold.
From funerals aone wrona to disastrous breakups and questionable life choices. Aoife finds the funnv in places vou'd least exnect.

She takes the audience on a hilarious, heartfelt ride through life's messiest moments. If you've ever had your plans go up in smoke

must take to the stage to pursue her second, far more stable career path of stand-up comedian. In this ‘wildly original and creative’ show

or made a terrible decision—this show is for you.

(%& %& & & & - Varsity) winner of the Jason Manford Award for Best Newcomer at the Women in Comedy Festival 2024, your resident asexual

second quips’ (%&
%& %& %& *& - Varsity) bring you a night of queer joy and the decidedly-more-hard-to-come-by gothic joy as your humerus

“Y,

Ticket price: £9 Conc: £7

goth takes you on a whistle-stop tour through her own personal haunted house. From werewolves to vampires to the devil herself, the ‘laugh-a-

@aoife_is_never_dunne

entertainer promises you the time of your death! Hebditch rivalled television comedy in poise and execution, and outpaced it in creativity. - Varsity,

kkkkk

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £5 2 41 deals

Comic Adventures (Work In Progress)

@skeleton.out.of.the.closet

Comical Adventures ........

Kathleen Hughes: Cryptid!

sanjar giam @ Presuming Ed

i

work in progress

Kathleen Hughes @ Presuming Ed

The most funny thing in the world is to notice when ours, but particularly when others' assumptions are outdated, too serious or
downright obnoxious. We all live in a world which is shaped by the culture we were born into, but we are not always aware of it. |
think | have seen a few things and become aware of others enough to make you laugh.

Kathleen's not sure of anything anymore. She's not even sure she exists. Cryptid! is the darkly hilarious debut hour from Glasgow comic Kathleen

Hughes — a show about identity, imperfection, and the mortifying ordeal of allowing yourself to be seen. *& *& *& *&- The Wee Review kk
& *&

Ticket price: Free

Lisain the Theatre %& %& ¥% % — Queer Fringe Reviews A debut of self-assuredness, of confidence, of charm and whip-smart wit... an incredibly

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £6

Will & Noah: Too Much Time On Their Phones

Tim Reeves: Give This A Miss (WIP)

lintel

Tim Reeves @ Presuming Ed

ete:

May 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 9th, 10th, 23rd, 24th, 25th, 30th and 31st 10:15pm

mes

Z\

@kathleenwho_ X @kathleenwho_ ch @kathleenwho

A

@san1man

funny woman. - The Skinny One of the bright new hopes of Scottish comedy - The Scotsman

Will & Noah @ Presuming Ed
Nominated: Malcolm Hardee Award 2024 Runner-Up: Best Alternative Act - 2024 Late Stage Leicester Comedy Festival Awards

xf

HALF A‘CAMEL HALF A‘

Death is at your door... she’s only trying to tell youa knock knock joke! After a disappointing job interview with the Grim Reaper, Ariel Hebditch

Tim Reeves reluctantly brings a new hour of surreal, pointless nonsense stand-up about absolutely nothing. There's also some
Will & Noah's attention spans are so eroded that they can’t even get to the end of their... whuh.. huh.. oh yeah we're doing a sketch show!! Ina

stuff about hairdresser secrets, ambulances and egg. Beautifully unhinged, hilarious...an absolute must-see - EdFringe.com,

world where comedy has become so short-form and self referential to the point where nothing is intentionally funny any more, Will & Noah are

*% & & & & Shades of a young Julian Barratt...wild but brilliant - The Crumb, * *%*
*® Sophisticated daftness at its very best -

investigating what the hell happened to good old-fashioned... whuh.. huh.. oh yeah we're doing a sketch show!! “A must-see comedy show for all

Mumble

sketch lovers” %& %& %& %& ¥% EdFringeReview. “Brilliant, bonkers and totally Fringe” % 4% %& ¥& Bruce on the Fringe. The Telegraph Best Jokes of the

Ticket price: FREE

Edinburgh Fringe 2023 & 2024.

Ticket price: £5
@willandnoahcomedy

An off the wall comedian ambushes you with funny nonsense for an hour. As seen on Channel 4, Soccer a.m., BT Sport and as heard on BBC

MUSEUM

Radio 4. 'Should be required viewing for all wannabe surrealists' %& %& %& %& The Skinny 'Beguiles those of us with a weakness for whimsy’

*& & & & Metro ‘Brilliantly funny nonsense’ * *& *& *& The List ‘Reminiscent of Harry Hill or Steve Martin... Taylor exceeds them both in frenzied

Ofte cer 2

The Thermos Museum (Neil Davidson) returns to Brighton with three new stories :- '"When | was young", "Gangster", and '"The Boring relation".

None of these have anything to do with thermoses, or museums. Amidst all the reviews and awards, the following comment stands out : - "
Bewildering ". Just some old guy reading his books may sound dull, but one musn't forget the secret ingredient : - His drawings... These are

delivery’ %& ¥& %& %¥& Short Com ‘Impressive in its simplicity and incredibly funny' * %& %& %* Broadway Baby ‘Paul F Taylor is going to rear a cult

projected onto a giant screen. - In Fact there is ongoing debate about which is more stimulating - the words or the pictures. We recommend

following of those with refined senses of humour, and you should join us.’ *& %& %& %& Three Weeks

attending the show, to decide for yourself... Edinburgh Fringe wouldn't be the same without The Thermos Museum - The Times, & *& *& *& * -

Ticket price: £7

Deadpan throughout - Broadway baby, * *%& %& %&%&

@paulyftaylor X @paulyftaylor d* @paulyftaylor

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF ACA

A.

Neil Davidson @ Presuming Ed

@thermosmuseumbooks
Ticket price: Free

;

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF ACA

c-

HALFA

~~

Paul F Taylor @ Presuming Ed

The Thermos Museum

“Y,

THE

Paul F Taylor - What are you talking about mate?

A

May 23rd, 24th, 25th and 26th 6:30pm

—_>_

AWG IH EL US IUH L SW
0 J10H tL ING.

L HALE A‘CAMEL

—_—

Comic Adventures (Work In Progress)
Sanjar qiam @ Presuming Ed
15pm and 3rd 9pm_

W

reneg bs

Die)
A)
PA Ee
<7

4

rat

Ae

0

| andy
boned

iy

The most funny thing in the world is to notice when ours, but particularly when others' assumptions are outdated, too serious or
downright obnoxious. We all live in a world which is shaped by the culture we were born into, but we are not always aware of it. |
think | have seen a few things and become aware of others enough to make you laugh.

Ticket price: Free
@san1iman

Daft Junk
Richard Wooflord @ Presuming Ed
ST

a |
OA a

Join absurdist Richard Wooflord, Winner of the Turnip Prize 2022 (the Turner prize for really really bad art) as he presents a whole
bunch of daft junk he’s made that he hopes you'll find funny. Journey into his tiny idiotic mind of DIY art, music, puns, props,
inventions, games and life lessons all hooked onto a flimsy obligatory narrative about being seriously ill (true story) before ending
on an upbeat positive crescendo of nonsense. Support from Willy Turnup TBC A might see event of the year! - Winner - G&B

Weird & Wonderful - Winner - Dabbers Judges Winner - Winner - Turnip Prize Winner - Leicester Comedy Festival Best Sketch 2nd Place UK Pun Championships- 2nd Place COFILMIC Best Sketch Once described as the closest thing to the radiator.

Ticket price: Free
@richard.wooflord

Beauty and the Ballsack
Polly Does Things @ Presuming Ed

Caution: may contain PESKY FEMINIST NUTS.* Kev feels insecure about his ballsack. From weeping about wrinkles, to depression about drooping. Join

our host for a celebration of these deeply-defamed danglers and help every bollock feel beach-ballsack-ready. Together, we'll break down beauty ideals,

titillate with testicle facts and smash societal scrotum shaming. Features 263 photos of nuts, don't bring your nan.** *Interruptions from pesky women nuts
WILL NOT be tolerated. This show is a FAN CLUB FOR BALLS, not some kind of FEMINIST NONSENSE. So, women, please DO NOT email your
experiences with unsolicited comments people have made about your body to beautyandtheballsack@gmail.com **Please enjoy the entirely irrelevant
photo. The host has ADHD and decided to perform at the last minute, having

Ticket price: Free

@pollydoesthings

HALF
A CAMEL ALFA‘CAMELHALFA’CAMEL) § 3 HALF
A’CAMEL HALF A ‘CAMEL HALF.A CAMEL)
Palm Tree In London

Lance Mao: Chinese P€pp@ P!g

elit)

Instinct Pictures @ Presuming Ed

Lance Mao @ Presuming Ed

fi cme

a

IN LONDON
CRECTIO BY CLLR ROOT

May 31st 6:30pm

“Palm Tree in London" is a poignant two-character play that explores the cultural dichotomy between the white and black races, infused with

Lance spent the first half of his life in Hungary, and the second half in the UK. He's never fit in and it had finally caught up with him.
One day he hasa vision of a pig with main character energy who escapes captivity and embarks on a life-changing adventure in

shedding light on the rich, diverse heritage that each group brings to the table. By highlighting the importance of unity in diversity, the play

search of meaning. Step into the dark fever dream of a Chinese immigrant in this candid, auto-biographical stand-up show about

underscores the potential for harmonious coexistence and mutual enrichment when different cultures come together. The play centers around

ie
Ee
|

erisr:

subtle comedy to lighten the narrative. This story delves deeply into the complexities and tensions that arise from these cultural intersections,
PRXORLS £1 OA, ODO

SRE AAG GA WOU

[el

—

racism, mental health, facing your fears, and what it means to be human. NOT FOR KIDS OR FARM ANIMALS Get-Up Stand Up

two characters who embody the respective cultural backgrounds and experiences of the white and black communities. Through their

New Comedian of the Year 2024 Finalist - “One of the most honest pieces of comedy I've seen" (Audience review) “Devastatingly

interactions, the narrative reveals the personal and societal struggles each character faces. Their dialogues and conflicts provide a thorough

funny" (Audience review) “He needs a real therapist" (Aldi cashier)

chronicle of the tensions and misunderstandings that have historically plagued societies, revealing how deeply rooted prejudices and historical
injustices can impede progress toward true unity. The subtle comedy interwoven throughout their exchanges addsa layer of relatability and

Ticket price: FREE (PWYW)

warmth, making the heavy themes more accessible and engaging. Throughout the play, there is a persistent effort to advocate for equity and

@lancemao_ ch @lancemao

justice. The palm tree, a symbol of resilience and growth, embodies the hope for a future where cultural differences are not just tolerated but

celebrated. Yet, this vision of equity is constantly tested by various challenges, both external and internal.

Ticket price: £15 Conc: £10 241 deals

Good Grief

@lInstinctpictures J* @instinctpictures

Aoife Dunne @ Presuming Ed
=

AREL HEBDITCH:

Ariel Hebditch: Skeleton Out of the Closet

May 2nd 6:30pm, 3rd 6:45pm, 4th 6:45pm and May 5th 4pm

~

Ariel Hebditch @ Presuming Ed

Aoife Dunne blends stand-up and storytelling in a fast, fearless comedy show about grief, resilience, and life’s unexpected turns. A

~

rising star in Irish comedy, she weaves razor-sharp humour with honest storytelling, turning personal disasters into comedy gold.
From funerals aone wrona to disastrous breakups and questionable life choices. Aoife finds the funnv in places vou'd least exnect.

She takes the audience on a hilarious, heartfelt ride through life's messiest moments. If you've ever had your plans go up in smoke

must take to the stage to pursue her second, far more stable career path of stand-up comedian. In this ‘wildly original and creative’ show

or made a terrible decision—this show is for you.

(%& %& & & & - Varsity) winner of the Jason Manford Award for Best Newcomer at the Women in Comedy Festival 2024, your resident asexual

second quips’ (%&
%& %& %& *& - Varsity) bring you a night of queer joy and the decidedly-more-hard-to-come-by gothic joy as your humerus

“Y,

Ticket price: £9 Conc: £7

goth takes you on a whistle-stop tour through her own personal haunted house. From werewolves to vampires to the devil herself, the ‘laugh-a-

@aoife_is_never_dunne

entertainer promises you the time of your death! Hebditch rivalled television comedy in poise and execution, and outpaced it in creativity. - Varsity,

kkkkk

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £5 2 41 deals

Comic Adventures (Work In Progress)

@skeleton.out.of.the.closet

Comical Adventures ........

Kathleen Hughes: Cryptid!

sanjar giam @ Presuming Ed

i

work in progress

Kathleen Hughes @ Presuming Ed

The most funny thing in the world is to notice when ours, but particularly when others' assumptions are outdated, too serious or
downright obnoxious. We all live in a world which is shaped by the culture we were born into, but we are not always aware of it. |
think | have seen a few things and become aware of others enough to make you laugh.

Kathleen's not sure of anything anymore. She's not even sure she exists. Cryptid! is the darkly hilarious debut hour from Glasgow comic Kathleen

Hughes — a show about identity, imperfection, and the mortifying ordeal of allowing yourself to be seen. *& *& *& *&- The Wee Review kk
& *&

Ticket price: Free

Lisain the Theatre %& %& ¥% % — Queer Fringe Reviews A debut of self-assuredness, of confidence, of charm and whip-smart wit... an incredibly

Ticket price: £7 Conc: £6

Will & Noah: Too Much Time On Their Phones

Tim Reeves: Give This A Miss (WIP)

lintel

Tim Reeves @ Presuming Ed

ete:

May 2nd, 3rd, 4th, 9th, 10th, 23rd, 24th, 25th, 30th and 31st 10:15pm

mes

Z\

@kathleenwho_ X @kathleenwho_ ch @kathleenwho

A

@san1man

funny woman. - The Skinny One of the bright new hopes of Scottish comedy - The Scotsman

Will & Noah @ Presuming Ed
Nominated: Malcolm Hardee Award 2024 Runner-Up: Best Alternative Act - 2024 Late Stage Leicester Comedy Festival Awards

xf

HALF A‘CAMEL HALF A‘

Death is at your door... she’s only trying to tell youa knock knock joke! After a disappointing job interview with the Grim Reaper, Ariel Hebditch

Tim Reeves reluctantly brings a new hour of surreal, pointless nonsense stand-up about absolutely nothing. There's also some
Will & Noah's attention spans are so eroded that they can’t even get to the end of their... whuh.. huh.. oh yeah we're doing a sketch show!! Ina

stuff about hairdresser secrets, ambulances and egg. Beautifully unhinged, hilarious...an absolute must-see - EdFringe.com,

world where comedy has become so short-form and self referential to the point where nothing is intentionally funny any more, Will & Noah are

*% & & & & Shades of a young Julian Barratt...wild but brilliant - The Crumb, * *%*
*® Sophisticated daftness at its very best -

investigating what the hell happened to good old-fashioned... whuh.. huh.. oh yeah we're doing a sketch show!! “A must-see comedy show for all

Mumble

sketch lovers” %& %& %& %& ¥% EdFringeReview. “Brilliant, bonkers and totally Fringe” % 4% %& ¥& Bruce on the Fringe. The Telegraph Best Jokes of the

Ticket price: FREE

Edinburgh Fringe 2023 & 2024.

Ticket price: £5
@willandnoahcomedy

An off the wall comedian ambushes you with funny nonsense for an hour. As seen on Channel 4, Soccer a.m., BT Sport and as heard on BBC

MUSEUM

Radio 4. 'Should be required viewing for all wannabe surrealists' %& %& %& %& The Skinny 'Beguiles those of us with a weakness for whimsy’

*& & & & Metro ‘Brilliantly funny nonsense’ * *& *& *& The List ‘Reminiscent of Harry Hill or Steve Martin... Taylor exceeds them both in frenzied

Ofte cer 2

The Thermos Museum (Neil Davidson) returns to Brighton with three new stories :- '"When | was young", "Gangster", and '"The Boring relation".

None of these have anything to do with thermoses, or museums. Amidst all the reviews and awards, the following comment stands out : - "
Bewildering ". Just some old guy reading his books may sound dull, but one musn't forget the secret ingredient : - His drawings... These are

delivery’ %& ¥& %& %¥& Short Com ‘Impressive in its simplicity and incredibly funny' * %& %& %* Broadway Baby ‘Paul F Taylor is going to rear a cult

projected onto a giant screen. - In Fact there is ongoing debate about which is more stimulating - the words or the pictures. We recommend

following of those with refined senses of humour, and you should join us.’ *& %& %& %& Three Weeks

attending the show, to decide for yourself... Edinburgh Fringe wouldn't be the same without The Thermos Museum - The Times, & *& *& *& * -

Ticket price: £7

Deadpan throughout - Broadway baby, * *%& %& %&%&

@paulyftaylor X @paulyftaylor d* @paulyftaylor

HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF ACA

A.

Neil Davidson @ Presuming Ed

@thermosmuseumbooks
Ticket price: Free

;

HALF A'CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALFA CA

c-

HALFA

~~

Paul F Taylor @ Presuming Ed

The Thermos Museum

“Y,

THE

Paul F Taylor - What are you talking about mate?

A

May 23rd, 24th, 25th and 26th 6:30pm

—_>_

AWG IH EL US IUH L SW
0 J10H tL ING.

L HALE A‘CAMEL

—_—

EL HALFA‘CAMELi HALF & CAMEL HALF A’CAMELI

EN

~

7

yy

s

y/o

=>

7

yi

=

Ve

=

magn, Ve

=

_

Dic

Bryan Stoops @ Jollies

eae

Ras:
Bryan Stoops is a comedian (Edinburgh Fringe, The Comedy Store, Gotham Comedy Club) and educator from the United States.
Recently, Bryan moved to Portsmouth to teach literature. In this show, Bryan will share insights about his new home, do that

American thing of explaining how a culture that is not his own works, and tell the tale of how he became a Yank in Portsmouth.
‘The most endearing stand up of the fringe! Highly recommend!’ (Edinburgh Fringe) ‘All kinds of funny...a MUST see!' (Hollywood
Fringe) 'A very enjoyable way to spend an hour.' (Leicester Comedy Festival)

Ticket price: £5 -£4 - conc

@bryanstoopscomedy c* @bryanstoopscomedy

Joe Riley I'm Fine Work in progress

lattes
ar

Joe Riley @ Jollies

Armed with imaginative jokes and stories that have to be heard to be believed, Joe brings buckets of joy to every gig. This show is
about the struggles of being brought up by hippie parents, in rural countryside Totnes, with dyslexia and the experiences of a
Steiner School. And trying to navigate my way through life in the city and the real world. As seen on BBC Upload, BBC Radio 4

Extra, So You Think You're Funny Reviews - Joe Riley invites the audience into a distinctive world rarely shared in stand-up -

CHORTLE - Interesting, evocative and distinctive and intriguing - CHORTLE - Infectiously silly

Ticket price: Free

@joerileycomedian

FA

—_.

1

FRINGE(UPDATES;

age)

=f

a

oawe* A CAMEL HALF A CA

your

HALF A'CAMELHALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL © |8 HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALFA CA

a.

&

a

"aww?A\0 J1GH "aUA\Uv J"UH

A

~/

——_——~

a

a

-

=

ea:

a

A Yank in Portsmouth

AWW)US 10H AW
Y J10H LSWU2)\UIUH neSWW),Ua1U

tll

ALF A CAMEL HALF A\(« AMEL HE

lan

—_—

V/

Y,

HALF
A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL HALF A CAMEL 8S HALF
A CAMEL HALF ACAMEL HALF
A CAMEL)
—

|
—

