GION

PAN ;
Minutes of
BRIGHTON FRINGE LIMITED ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

Date and Time: Monday 21* March 2022 following the regular Board Meeting
Venue: Zoom

Attendees:
Jamie Arnell - Chair

Jenni Lewin-Turner

Julian Caddy - CEO
Ali Braithwaite

Observers:

Amy MacGregor

JD Henshaw (Sweet Venues- Venue Manager Observer)
Hattie Snooks (Clap Back Club- Participant Observer)

In attendance:

Alice Booth, Minute Taker

Apologies:

None

AGENDA

Minutes of the AGM held on 14" April 2021 -— Approved by the board.
Reports and Accounts for year ending 31* August 2021
The accounts are agreed.
There is still a line about being a ‘going concern’, which the accountants need more
information on.

Ali said there were a couple of typos that will she will email Julian about.
3.

Retirement and re-appointment of Directors and Trustees

3.1

Clause 32 of the Company’s Articles of Association require one-third of Directors to
retire at each AGM.

Clause 33(1) states that the Directors to retire shall be those who

have been longest in office since their last appointment, those being:
Ali Braithwaite - first appointed in June 2020
Jamie Arnell - first appointed in June 2020
The reappointment of Ali and Jamie have been approved

3.2

Appointment of the Chair
Nominations for Chair — currently Jamie Arnell

Jamie asked if anyone else was willing to become chair, as he hopes to step his role
back over time, and become more of a silent funder, but only when there are suitable
candidates. He hopes to step down in the future. No one else stepped forward at this
time.

Jamie Arnell was reappointed as Chair at this time.
3.3

Appointment of the Deputy Chair and Finance Lead (currently vacant)
Nominations for Deputy Chair and Finance Lead — open

JC asked if JLT would be willing to be a deputy chair. JLT said she would consider this
and would get back to JC.
JC asked if AB would take on the Finance Lead role. She will consider this and get back
to JC.
3.4

Appointment of Company Secretary and Executive Committee

As Brighton Fringe Ltd is currently in an emergency phase, due to the Covid-19

pandemic and the reduced size of the Board of Trustees, Members are asked to agree
to a delay in the appointment of a Company Secretary and Executive Committee until
further notice.

Agreed.
4.5

Proposal of New Directors and Trustees

This was discussed and board members will propose more members. Gordon was
discussed and is considering taking an appointment.

5.

Members proposed resolutions
JC proposed that a risk management committee was convened to discuss risks such as
the conflict in Europe and the risk of future pandemics. JA offered to be on this
committee.

6.

Any other business
None

Notes to the Notice of Annual General Meeting

Appointment of proxies
1. AS

a member of Brighton Fringe Limited, you are entitled to appoint a proxy to exercise all

or any of your rights to attend, speak and vote at the Annual General Meeting.

A proxy must

be appointed in writing and otherwise in accordance with article 22 of the articles of
association of Brighton Fringe Limited.

Brighton Fringe Limited does not require proxy notices

to be delivered in any particular form.

You can only appoint a proxy using the procedures set

out in these notes.
2.

A proxy does not need to be a member of Brighton Fringe Limited but must attend the

Annual General Meeting to represent you.

If you wish your proxy to speak on your behalf at

the Annual General Meeting you will need to give your instructions directly to them.

3. You may not appoint more than one proxy.
4. If you do not give your proxy an indication of how to vote on any resolution, your proxy will
vote or abstain from voting at his or her discretion. Your proxy will vote (or abstain from
voting) as he or she thinks fit in relation to any other matter which is put before the Annual

General Meeting.
5. TO appoint a proxy, your notice must be:
signed by you;

sent or delivered to the Company Secretary of Brighton Fringe Limited at Yacht Werks, 28-29
Richmond Place, Brighton BN2 9NA; and

received by Brighton Fringe Limited no later than 5.30pm on 9 April 2021.
Any power of attorney or any other authority under which the proxy appointment is signed (or
a duly certified copy of such power or authority) must be included with the proxy appointment.
Changing proxy instructions

6. To change your proxy instructions simply submit a new proxy appointment using the
method set out above. Note that the cut-off time for receipt of proxy appointments (see
above) also apply in relation to amended instructions; any amended proxy appointment
received after the relevant cut-off time will be disregarded.
7. If you submit more than one valid proxy appointment, the appointment received last before

the latest time for the receipt of proxies will take precedence.
Termination of proxy appointments

8. In order to revoke a proxy instruction you will need to inform Brighton Fringe Limited by
sending a signed hard copy notice clearly stating your intention to revoke your proxy

appointment to the Company Secretary, Brighton Fringe Limited, Yacht Werks, 28-29
Richmond Place, Brighton BN2 9NA.

Any power of attorney or any other authority under which

the revocation notice is signed (or a duly certified copy of such power or authority) must be
included with the revocation notice.
The revocation notice must be received by Brighton Fringe Limited no later than 5.30pm on 9
April 2021.

If you attempt to revoke your proxy appointment but the revocation is received after the time
specified then, subject to the paragraph directly below, your proxy appointment will remain
valid.
Appointment of a proxy does not preclude you from attending the Annual General Meeting and
voting in person.

If you have appointed a proxy and attend the Annual General Meeting in

person, your proxy appointment will automatically be terminated.
Communication
9. Except as provided above, members who have general queries about the Annual General
Meeting should contact Jamie Arnell at James.Arnell@charterhouse.co.uk

