Chris Neville-Smith's blog_on theatre
Reviews of stuff that's good

Odds and sods: November 2024-ish
raz January 21,2025 & chrisontheatre

(https: / /chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/wpcontent /uploads /2025/01/https3a2f2fdle00ek4ebabms.cloudfront.net2fproduction2f38d6b613Sbad-4544-8b76-4fa6a53814e5.jpg)
One of these years I will have a quiet December and January like I said I would and catch up
with thing. This year is not the one. Nearly time for the next odds and sods and I haven't even
done the last one.
Luckily it’s been a slow news time, even by winter standards. Just two things to report, albeit
two meatier than usual.

Stuff that happened in November
There’s actually more than two things: Jamie Eastlake stepping down and Summerhall are the
other two. But as those are ongoing and mostly took place way after November, I'll catch up
with that in the next odds and sods. Anyway ...

Latest from Brighton Fringe venues
Now that Brighton Fringe early bird registrations are out, we can start looking at how it’s
shaping up. The headline figure is that I count 388 early birds, compared to 308 same time last
year. The early bird numbers do fluctuate quite a bit, but that is a much bigger rise than normal.
Too early to say whether this is more acts registering or acts registering earlier, but if Brighton
Fringe is hoping to regain the ground it lost from the late 2010s, this is encouraging. The more
interesting news, however, is what’s happening within these figures.
The most easily-spotted observation is that The Rotunda has expanded from two spaces to
three. Bubble and Squeak have been joined by Pip, and Pip is another small space. (That’s Pip
Squeak in case you didn’t spot the wordplay.) However, this isn’t a straight 50% expansion,
because Rotunda are now missing most of week 4. My rough calculations are that the two
largely cancel out, maybe a small net increase, but we'll have to wait for the final numbers to
know how this is going.
A more notable observation is the emergence of “Half a Camel”. This brand first appeared last
year as an affiliation with certain comedy acts in a number of venues, but it’s got a lot more
official this year. Six venues in Brighton are running under the Half Comedy, almost entirely
(but not completely) comedy. Half a Camel is the project of Ben Carter, who has been quite
vocal in calling for a better relationship between fringe and performers. On the surface, this
looks like a similar arrangement to Laughing Horse, also running six venues in Brighton — how
similar the two operate under the surface remains to be determined.
However, the big news is that Spiegeltent has disappeared from Brighton 2025 completely. The
controversial news last year was that Spiegeltent was running events outside of the Brighton
Fringe framework. I won’t repeat the claims and counter-claims, but this year, it’s got worse:
Spiegeltent is not operating at all. (Nothing has been announced officially, but with the website
still saying “Spiegeltent 2024” and “See you next year”, we can safely assume this is the case.)
Apparently one driver was that Victoria Gardens where they pitch up is closed for a revamp
with no obvious straightforward alternative available. But based on my observations of how
ticket sales were working out, I suspect doing without the Brighton Fringe website + box office
was a gamble that didn’t pay.” If this really is the result of the stand-off though, it’s not a victory
for Brighton Fringe. Rather, Brighton Fringe and Spiegletent both lost. But Spiegeltent lost
more.

(* Sweet I believe fared better, but their focus is shifting away from Brighton Fringe to more of a year-round presence.)

There’s more news to report, but the rest of it can wait for close of registrations. But from what
we're seeing so far, it looks like there is a noticeable move away from big spaces to smaller ones,
and with it, presumably, a shift away from the more prominent acts. Is that a good thing or bad
thing? Answers on a postcard please.

Dying Twitter latest
As I’ve already said, I think it’s time the online theatre community that built up around Twitter
ditches the platform and move on to something new

(https: / /chrisontheatre.wordpress.com /2024/11/20/time-to-ditch-theatre-twitter/), and since
the destination of choice is Bluesky, that’s the place to go to. I have reservations with both
Bluesky itself and the reasons why Bluesky was chosen as an alternative, but sod it, anything’s
better than the one with the new stupid name. But has the much-touted migration actually
happened?
Truth be told, movement has been slower than I was expecting. At the time of writing, in the
north-east Alphabetti has moved completely, Live is posting in parallel to both platforms,
Laurels hope to get round to it, and whilst there’s no sign of Northern Stage on Bluesky, they
haven't posted to Twitter since early December. Buxton Fringe appears to have moved to
Bluesky completely. Edinburgh Fringe has also announced “X-it stage right
(https://www.linkedin.com/posts /susan-russell-98116a9_when-youre-an-organisation-whosecore-values-activity-7283139246431830017-kX-B)” although it is currently unclear whether the
venues will follow suit. Little sign of uptake from Brighton Fringe or the venues, though there’s
been no posts to the deadbirdapp for months.
One of the reasons I’ve heard for the slow progress is that apparently the move is less
straightforward if you’re doing regular scheduled posts across multiple platforms. Apparently
most programs that to this aren’t integrated into Bluesky yet, requiring fiddly manual
intervention. For what it’s worth, I was cross-posting to Twitter, Threads and Bluesky for a few
months and I didn’t find it that laborious, but I don’t do social media marketing as a job so I
worrt argue with that. For bigger theatres, where social media is much more about drawing in
large audiences and much less about connecting with artists, I can see there’s less incentive to
move.

I suspect, however, the final incentive to make the move will have little to do with ethics and
lots to do with Twitter becoming plain unusable. I don’t have any reliable may of measuring
web traffic from Bluesky, but I did have ways of measuring Twitter and it was down a lot —
other people have observed the same. Bluesky is now big enough to have a bot problem, but
the bots on Twitter are out of control, with the majority of my notifications now being from the
naked numbers ladies. The only three realistic outcomes I can see are switching to Bluesky,
abandoning Twitter with no replacement, or (if someone ever works out how to do this)
automated cross-posting to both. But all three have have the same outcome the relegated
Twitter to an irrelevance. So here is my firm call: theatre Twitter is done for. The only question is
how long it takes to die.

Stuff | wrote since last time:
Aside from this short list, here’s what else I wrote in November onwards:

Odds and sods: October 2024 (https://chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/2024/11/15/odds-andsods-october-2024/): Like this one, but written on time.
Roundup: Buxton Fringe 2024 (https://chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/2024/11/19/roundupbuxton-fringe-2024/): Not this one though. Anyway, picks of the Fringes here for Gruoch: The
Lady Macbeth and Sessions.

Time to ditch Theatre Twitter (https://chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/2024/11/20/time-to-ditchtheatre-twitter/): As mentioned above, my full reasoning for why Twitter should be abandoned
(tldr: Elon Musk isn’t even attempting to disguise its use as a partisan tool).

Local fringe roundup: (https: / /chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/2024/11 /30/local-fringeroundup-2024/) An embarrassing late roundup of fringe-scale plays I saw in the first half of
2024, including All White Everything But Me which went to to get second place for Best North
East Fringe Production.
Seagulls and Sad Sad Stories: beware the false prophet

(https://chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/2024/12/13/seagulls-and-sad-sad-stories-beware-thefalse-prophet/): Rushed this one out of the door though. An Ike-winning play about a
judgemental Zoltar machine that’s really an angry statement about classism.

Best individual performance 2024 (https://chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/2024/12/17/bestindividual-performance-2024/): My annual pre-Christmas countdown, this time with twelve
outstanding performances, and a win for Darren Heywood with Can't Stop Carrying On.

Roundup: Edinburgh Fringe 2024 (https://chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/2024/12/22/roundupedinburgh-fringe-2024/): Nearly got this one done. 32 reviews to compile, I believe. Please bear
with me.

Chris Neville-Smith’s 2024 Awards (https://chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/2024/12/26/chrisneville-smiths-2024-awards/): And we finish the year with this one, featuring Bill’s 44th as Best
Fringe Production and New Vic’s The Nutcracker as Best Production.

The Wicked film (https://chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/2025/01/07/the-wicked-film/): And
finally, for a change, a review of a film version of a stage production. On the whole pleased with
the job, though the pace suffers through the decision to split it into two films.
Okay, finally catching up. First play of 2025 this Saturday.

Fe Odds andsods

BD Brighton Fringe
Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.

