Chris Neville-Smith's blog_on theatre
Reviews of stuff that's good

Odds and Sods: February 2025
a March 21, 2025March 23, 2025 & chrisontheatre
‘Time for February odds and sods. Maybe news is picking up on the Fringe radar, or maybe Bluesky is getting more useful, but
I've got more to tell you this time:

Stuff that happened in February

Firstly, one thing you won't see here is the Laurels Crowdfunder, which was only lanuched last week and very much belong in
the March edition. But they very much could do with your support and you can find the crowdfunder here
(https: /

/www.crowdfunder.co.uk/p/support-laurels# start).

Apart from that, here’s the news.

New Buxton venue
Let’s start with the simple news first. Venue-wise, Buxton has been in a more precarious situation than usual. With two out of
three managed venues now gone, the last thing Buxton Fringe needed was to lose the third. But where Underground Venues
would be in 2025 — and if there would be one at all — was far from a done deal a few months ago. Zero enthusiasm about a return
to the Old Clubhouse after leaving them in the lurch last year (with scheduled refurbishment that never happened), but the
hastily-arranged venue in a disused retail unit was not certain either — however much a shopping centre landlord might want to
support the arts, if a business wanted the space as a retail unit that would surely have come first. Well, that’s not happened this
time round, so Underground Spring Gardens lives to fight another day.

if you were really on the ball (and I missed this detail)— there was a small footnotein the venue information encouraging venues
needing more capacity to ask about “larger spaces we may be running on certain days’. Now we know what this meant: a brand
new set-up in the downstairs of Buxton Working Men’s Club. This is good news for Buxton for two reasons. Firstly, had this not
happened we would have been down to one managed venue space. The small unmanaged venues do a magnificent job of
taking the overspill, but a lot of plays simply aren’t doable in room not set up as a theatre space. Secondly, the Spring Gardens
space, welcome though it was, didn’t have that high a capacity. The Old Clubhouse had a better capacity for that (as did Arts
Centre Studio, which also seems to have finally become too unreliable for Fringe use), but the Working Men’s Club should
provide an alternative capacity wise.

The snag? The location isn’t great. We’ve grown used to a hub around the Opera House, Pavilion Gardens, and Old Clubhouse —
for this new venue you've got to go to the opposite end of the High Street under both railway viaducts. As such, one thing the
Working Men’s Club may struggle to do is provide a hang-out that original Underground Venues underneath the Old Hall
Hotel did so well. Or with the old unofficial hub of Buxton Fringe mostly redundant, it might become a new hub. We will see.
One thing worth bearing in mind, though, is that this level of upheaval at Buxton Fringe is considered pretty major news. In
other places, though, this is becoming background noise.

New Brighton venues
So, with Brighton Fringe’s paper programme deadline having passed, we can take a second look at the changes to venue there.
We've already seen that Rotunda is going up to three spaces, and Half a Camel is coming along as a newcomer with a seemingly
similar setup to Laughing Horse. I think there’s going to be about 625 entries registered that will be in the paper programme, but
it’s been such a long time since we last had a paper programme -— and it’s unknown how many acts didn’t bother with that
deadline because they think they can manage without — it is not clear what this means for Brighton Fringe’s size this year.

V

One unresolved question, though, was whether Fool’s Paradise would be
returning. That was a less high-profile but less controversial pop-up venue
than the now-infamous Caravanserai of 2023, apparently run by Head First
Acrobats. That isn’t returning, but instead something similar is happening
with Revel Pucks, who are bringing “The Circus Yard”. Not quite as central
as Fool’s Paradise, instead it’s on The Levels, north of St. Peter’s Church
(and not where Warren/ Caravanserai used to be, but a bit further north).
This includes 500-seater circus and a smaller second space. Unlike Fool’s
Paradise, this is far more oriented to circus and cabaret with no theatre
events — but there is a theory that big pop-up venues are good for everyone

because it gives the message to the whole of Brighton that the fringe is one.
However, the big eyebrow-raiser is SpiegelGardens. That’s Spiegelgardens,
not Spiegeltent. Beyond that, I’m going to leave this for now. Potentially a lot of implications here: could be all fine; could also be
very very messy. I want to make sure I’ve got this right before I go into any speculation over what’s going on.
Apologies to those of you who aren’t following what’s going on. I’m barely following it myself. Hope to have a better idea
what’s going on next month.

Newcastle Theatre Royal’s open door
Now back to the north-east. After the surprise news of Jamie Eastlake’s departure from Laurels — surely no better example of
quitting whilst you’re ahead? — there was one thing left over: a yet-to-be announced statement of Jamie Eastlake’s own future.
Now we know: he’s taking up a new post with Newcastle Theatre Royal’s Open Door initiative
(https: / /www.culturednortheast.co.uk/p/theatre-royals-open-door-initiative).
As I reported last year, it was unprecedented for a production that
originated on a small stage to transfer to Newcastle biggest stage, but the
reasons behind this were relevant: Newcastle Theatre Royal had an interest
in expanding its operations beyond being just a receiving theatre for
touring large-scale shows. Yet where could you go after Gerry and Sewell?

Unprecedented though the success was, the formula that made it sucha
surefire hit on the big stage was really a one-off. Plenty of other great
home-grown plays out there, but nothing that draws in an audience so
quickly as Newcastle United. What other options are there?
The answer, it turns out, is the studio. It’s only a relatively recent addition
to the theatre, opening in 2007, but that pre-dates both Alphabetti and
Laurels. Nevertheless, it’s had a much lower profile, functionality
primarily as an education resource, with its occasional production dwarfed by the huge operation of the main house. So the new
thing is that Eastlake will be in charge of is a residency that artist can apply for, with £2,500 and a four-week residency for those
successful.

This is a little different from the usual network of grass-roots organisations that form the bulk of artist development in the northeast. There is one clear advantage of a big theatre backing this: £2,500 is a lot of money for a small to stump up, but to an

operation of Newcastle Theatre Royal’s scale, it’s loose change. A counter-argument? There’s always to worry that a side-

operation might one day be quickly dropped by a new management who aren't interested. But you can be that the one person
who would fight that would be Jamie Eastlake.
All eyes, I guess, on what starts appearing in the studio as a result of this.

Alphabetti’s new programming policy
And finally, one thing about from Alphabetti. Again, I didn’t notice the change when I should have done, but until this year,
Alphabetti’s schedule was dominated by three week runs. This time, nothing is running longer than three days. I didn’t think
too much about this to start with because a lot of theatres are commencing their main productions later in the year than they
used to. But then the statement came out, and this is a big one: the three-week run model is no more
(https: /

/www.alphabettitheatre.co.uk/articles).

I had some reservations about the old policy, but I’m still surprised there’s been such a reversal. This has been the cornerstone of
Alphabetti’s programming since 2021, and idea was that they wanted to move away from the “revolving door” model

(https: / /exeuntmagazine.com / features /alphabetti-theatre-new-model-small-scale-theatre/) of lots of artists getting on stage
but few progressing out of the region. So they decided they'd rather work with fewer artists and give them a better deal. It
wasn’t just a long run that was part of the package: there was also a big box-office guarantee and support from Alphabetti as coproductions.

If there’s one thing I grew sceptical about, it was making three weeks standard for everything. The only other places I’ve seen do
that on theatre of this scale is Edinburgh Fringe and some of the more prominent London venues.To be fair, for the best-known
and best-loved groups, a three-week run does make sense, but I thought it was a bit odd to do the same for solo plays by firsttime writers. I’ve seen a few plays in the final week that were decent, but had clearly exhausted its audience by the end — I’m not
sure I’d be keen on stretching a run into three weeks that wasn’t suited to that length. Even so, I was only thinking of a milder
change of going down to two weeks, one at the very worst.
So why such a radical change? The issue, it seems, is funding. Not so much over the amount of funding, but the reliability. Ed
Cole openly states that there are some gaps in the public-facing programme pending funding decisions, which only get made a
few weeks before the performance. Why funding applications are done this way I’m not sure, but this has been a real nuisance;
the alternative — which I’ve actually seen happen — is for groups to advertise a show, apply for funding, and cancel if they don’t
get it. The occasional unsuccessful bid might be mitigated by downscaling a production, but the funding getting more
competitive and rejections getting more frequent, it’s understandable why you’d want to play it safe.
There is one other way of looking at this. For some people, the “revolving door” is good. For them, getting your work picked up
outside the region is a far-distant goal, and the mere act of getting your work on stage (and with the the immediate benefits such
as seeing what’s working and what isn’t) is the bigger priority. I don’t think anyone expects return to a programming format like
— Alphabetti in its current site is a bigger venue to run the same way — but what we do end up with is anybody’s guess. Next
time I will be keeping a bigger eye on the programme.

Oh, and one other thing ...
I’m running a fringe venue. Details here. (https: / /chrisnevillesmith
info /wp/2025 /02/11 /introducing-durham-free-fringe/)
I’m going to be an over-stressed madman until the end of July now.

Stuff | wrote in February:

And finally, a catch-up of the rest of the things I was writing in February:
What's worth watching: winter/spring 2025 (https://chrisontheatre. wordpress.com/2025/02/15/whats-worth-watching-winter-

spring-2025/): My first regional preview of the year, which is so far getting off to a good start.

Odds and sods: January 2025 (https://chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/2025/02/21/odds-and-sods-january-2025/): Like this, but
January.

Champion: the fighters who pulled punches (https://chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/2025/02/24/champion-the-fighters-who-

pulled-punches/): First review of local theatre this year, and Ishy Din’s play is a snapshot of life as a mixed race family on
‘Tyneside in the 1970s. (Also a review of Dig.)

Reginald D Hunter does not deserve solidarity(https://chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/2025/03/18/reginald-d-hunter-does-not-

deserve-solidarity/): My reasons why the consequences for ugly incident at last year’s Edinburgh Fringe are his own fault. You
might want to put on your Hazmat suit for this.
See you next time then.

Ge Uncategorized
Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.

