Q

Chris Neville-Smith's blog on theatre
Reviews of stuff that's good

What’s worth watching: Brighton Fringe 2025
raat April 30, 2025May 11,2025 & chrisontheatre

( https:/ /chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/wp-content / uploads /2025/05/11-25-2024172245-9288-144.jpg.webp)
Skip to: Bite-Size, Great Britons

Okay. We’re off again. Time for another Brighton Fringe and another line-up of picks
from me. As always, please remember I don’t know all the acts at Brighton Fringe,
and I don’t go out of my way to find out what the top-rated acts are. These are mostly
acts know to me, and should be treated as a cross-section of what’s worth seeing
rather than a definitive list.
But first — yet again, we start with another long list of things that have change about
Brighton Fringe.

All change. Yet again.

Just over five years ago, Brighton Fringe venues held rather steady. Rotunda —

probably the biggest success story of the post-covid Fringe — is taking on a third
space this year. And in normal times, the addition of Pip to join Bubble and Squeak

could have been the biggest news. This year, it barely registers compared to
everything else going on.

So one big change to anyone browsing the programme is the appearance of “Half a
Camel” against six of the venues. It’s not actually brand new. Half a Camel was
promoting numerous acts last year at many of the same venues, but that was a little
more under the radar, and you had to go looking for them to see what Half a Camel
was. This year, however, they are operating the brand a lot more openly, similar to
how five similar spaces operate under the Laughing Horse banner. Laughing Horse
has done extraordinarily well to become a key player in Brighton Fringe, and in
terms of numbers Half a Camel isn’t far behind. One to watch here.
One new-ish venue is The Circus Yard. I say “newish” rather than “new” because

these pop-up venues do seem to have the direct involvement of Brighton fringe one
way or the other — and after the backfiring gamble that was Caravansarai, I do wish
Brighton Fringe would be more open and upfront as to what the relationship is with

pop-up venues such as Fool’s Paradise. The Circus Yard, however, is a WAY bigger
operation, with the bigger venue being an actual 500-seater circus. (You should also
be aware this is at The Levels, a bit further north from the usual pop-up sites from
Old Steine to St. Peter’s Chuch.) It will be incredible if this comes off, but it could go
wrong very badly. Really hope whoever’s behind this knows what they’re doing.
And then there’s Spiegelgardens. Yes, that’s right, “Speigelgardens”, not
“Spiegeltent”. Run by some of the people involved in Spiegeltent, but Spiegeltent
itself is not present this time. And, I must admit, my immediate reaction to this was
“whoa”. After the contentious breakaway for Spiegeltent from Brighton Fringe last,
was this a breakaway of a breakaway? That would have been explosive. But,

apparently not. From what I can tell, this is an interim arrangement whilst Old Steine

Gardens is closed for rebuilding, which everybody is on board with. I might say
some more later when I have a firmer idea of what’s been going on, but I really hope
my understanding is right here. We’ve have far too much infighting, and this might
be a first step back to normality.

However, If you’re at Brighton Fringe for the theatre, most of these venue changes
will have little impact, because the new venues have very little theatre in them —
mostly comedy, cabaret and circus instead. There’s other changes too, not least the
return of the paper programme, but I’ve already gone on too long. Let’s get a move
on with the recommendations.

Safe choices:
First of all, one notable omission from the listings. After many years with repeat

appearances, we say goodbye to Grist to the Mill, the producing arm of Rotunda.
Now that my own show is getting established as a collaboration, this crosses the line
into conflict of interest. But I stand by my previous reviews, which you can find from

the search box.
Safe choices are a bit thin on the ground this time round. But one of them is really big
news:

The Big Bite-Size Breakfast Show

(https:/ /chrisontheatre.wordpress.com /wp-content/ uploads /2025 /05/01-31-2025162129-3999.
jpg)

One of the biggest success stories in Edinburgh, I first saw in in 2006 — today, it’s
Pleasance’s biggest-earning morning show. If you want to know more about this

story, you can read about this in the interview I did last year
(https:/ /chrisontheatre.wordpress.com /2024/09/30/interview-with-nick-bricefounder-of-bite-size-plays/). One thing I learned from this is that ten-minute plays
are surprisingly difficult to write. There’s plenty of short plays at scratch nights, and
for some writers it is a stepping stone to greatness, but very few of them are
memorable. The art of putting a whole story in ten minutes from exposition to
resolution is — if I may use Nick Brice’s words — a masterclass in good writing.

There has been a down-side to their Edinburgh Fringe success though. Bite-Size
originated in Brighton, and swiftly become a favourite at Brighton Fringe. But
performing at one fringe whilst making preparations for another a few months away
is tiring work (I know, I’m learning that this year), and that — plus later generations of
bite-size actors tending to be based in London instead of Brighton — prompted Nick
Brice to give up on Brighton and just to Edinburgh. There have been other attempts
to do ten-minute plays at Brighton, but nothing has come close.

(https:/ /chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/2025/04/30/whats-worth-watchingbrighton-fringe-2025 /bit-size/)But ... hold the front page!!! Bite-Size is back. And the

reason they’re back is because Bize-Size has finally been handed over to the Pleasance

to run, with most of the acting ensemble staying on
for a smooth transition. With Nick Brice now able

to step back to the less stressful role of “founder”,
he can now embark on a retirement project of
building a new Brighton-based company running
parallel to the Edinburgh one. The new company
performed at Newhaven last September, Pleasance
London in April, and dive into Brighton now.
Whilst the Edinburgh show now runs entirely on
new plays on script call-out, the Brighton shows
are a lot more like the “greatest hits” edition. For
Brighton fans missing this since 2014, this will be a welcome return. For anyone
who’s followed Bite Size at Edinburgh too, there’s still something for you here,

because this is the return of the classics that made this the success it is. Off-hand, I
can see Nice People, Borys the Roittweiler, Vintage, Waiting for Hashim, Quiet Table for

Four, Tell Someone Who Cares, Transactions and Interpreter, all of which I’m sure you'll
remember if you’ve seen these before. One small difference between this line-up and
the current Edinburgh line-up is that the newer plays tend to be a spread of genres,
but the early plays were dominated by surrealistic humour that can only work as a
ten minute play before the joke runs out.
There are four different “menus”, each with five short plays. Menu 1 is 3rd, 4th, 5th

and 10th May at 10.00 a.m., then menu 2 is on the same dates at 11.30 a.m.. Later in
the fringe, there is menu 3 on 17th, 24th, 25th and 26th at 10.00 a.m. with menu 4
same dates 11.30 a.m. again. But, honestly, it’s worth catching all of them. They are
that good.

Great Britons
This is technically not part of Brighton Fringe, but there’s no rule saying you can’t
perform in Brighton in May without registering. That is actually one of the rows that
ed into last year’s Fringe/Spiegeltent split and may still resurface, but enough of that
for now.

(https://chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/2024/05/01/brighton-frin ge-2024-as-it-happens/02-112024-214121-8289-jp¢/)Great Britons is another Foundry Group play, and this one
earns a safe choice spot without needing me to see it, because I’ve seen many of these

plays before and they’ve been of a consistently high standard over many different
styles. So far we’ve had Big Daddy versus Giant Haystacks, a humorous look at the days
of “wrestling” (note the quotation marks) in the 1970s; Underdogs, nominally about a
novelty world record attempt to be buried alive but more an angry statement about

the media disdainful attitude to the

provinces; Lord God, a delightful
parody giving the Jeeves and Wooster
treatment; and for those plays I didn’t
see, I’ve heard good things from those
who have. Also, one of of the Mitchell
and Nixon writing team co-wrote

Jaws play The Shark is Broken which is
currently on a high-profile successful
tour.

This one seems to pretty much do what it says on the tin. It’s a potted history of some
of the greatest moment in history, all of course performed by two actors on a

shoestring budget. This one we can safely assume is a fun piece rather than one their
cleverer and more story-based plays, but they’ve proved their worth with enough
kinds of humour — and since this is returning after last year’s fringe, we can safely
assume it was a hit. One performance only at Church of the Annunciation (that’s
slightly east of St. Peter’s Church) on 17th May at 7.30 p.m.

Bold choice:

A longer list here. These are mostly shows I haven’t seen, but have reasons to believe
this is a good bet. If you want to discover something before most people do, this is
where I recommend you look.

Almost Famous

(https: / /chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/untitled-design-2_orig/)No Logo
productions holds a special place in our hearts are Chrisontheatre, because it was
partly their doing that I started doing reviews in the first place: me giving my
thoughts on the play and them asking if I was a reviewer. The last play of theirs I saw
was Make-Up, set after a drag cabaret show where Christina changes back to Chris,
and we learn the long story about how his alter ego developed and why. One
intersting about writer Andy Mosely is that he does listen to feedback. The original
version veered a bit too much into the over-used plot thread of the estranged son and
homophobic father — but the later version explored the more intersting area of why
Chris needs Lady Christina as his escapist later ego.

So the next play on this journey is Almost Famous, where we get to know Emily
Benton, whose glittering career encompasses Hollywood and Broadway, so much
that surely she should be acting alongside Maggie Smith in Downton Abbey now. But
something along the line hasn’t worked out, and instead she’s auditioning for a role
in a devised play because the slightly older slightly famouser actress it was written
for just snuffed it. Expect a 50-year backstory starting with the Eurovision Song
Content and possibly a skeleton or two in the cupboard. This is taking on three
fringes and begins at The Actors at 7.30 p.m. on the 3rd & 4th May.

Becoming Maverick
(https:/ /chrisontheatre.wordpress.com/2025/04/30/whats-worth-watchingbrighton-fringe-2025 / danvers-1/)Heather Alexander got my attention in 2022 by
doing something different. Room in 2022 was an adaptation, but not of a novel or
short story or scrensplay, but an essay — in this case, Virginia Woolf’s A Room of One’s

Own, an observation about the lot of female writers
that was quite on-point for its day. A bold move to
take on something with so little precedent for how to
make it work on stage, but one side-effect was

Heather Alexander developing her own style as a
character — something that suited her very well with
her 2023 follow-up Havishman.
So this character should suit her well for the new
character, Mrs. Denvers for Rebecca. That’s the

housekeeper who really had it in for the second Mrs.
De Winter by comparing her to the first. I’m not as
familiar with the source material here as I am with

Great Expectations, but the challenge with all of these
stories is to appeal to both those who know the
source material and those who don’t. This is at The
Actors (again) on 3rd — 4th May (again). at 4.30 p.m.

Freddie Hayes: The Magic Lady

(https://chrisontheatre.wordpress.com /2024/07/31/whats-worth-watchingedinburgh-fringe-2024/freddie-hayes-magic-lady-mjulings-portrait-819x10241/)There are many fringe acts competing to be the most bizarre, but in 2023 nobody

could beat Freddie Hayes in Potatohead. It was a retelling of the Faust. Except the
heroine is a life-size Potato, called Charlotte. And she’s seduced by promises of

glamour and sprawls herself across the sofa in knee-high boots (leading me to write
the phrase I never expected to put in a review: “sext potato mode”). And devil turns
out to be known crisp maniac Gary Linekar.

So now for the follow-up. Nothing can possibly top the sexy potato for surrealism,

but The Magic Lady looks like it’ll give it a good go. This is the magician’s assistant
who is presumably getting sick of being sawn in half, and now wants to step out of
the shadows with “faux magic”. Intrigued to know what “faux magic” is. One
performance only at Spiegelgardens on 24th May at 3.00 p.m.

Moon Team IIIV

(https:/ /chrisontheatre.wordpress.com /09-10-2024-134218-6373/)I saw Will BF do
The Last Gun last Brighton Fringe and was blown away. It was a brilliant concept: an
earnest documentary about the worst film in the world in the style of Gareth

Marhengi’s Darkplace, combined with lots of audience interaction and technology,
including one person getting to play Will BF at Nuclear War Shhotout Chess. Closely
following this up is a similar show, this time a homage to the DVD era instead of the
VHS era, and a film rather resembling a Star Wars Prequel.

The Last Gun was flawless whenI saw it; it’s fair to say that Moon Team ILIV (the thing
at the end being an unnecessarily elaborate Roman Numeral for 2) was more ina
work in progress state. But that’s a statement of just how much work goes into these
shows — indeed, the Edinburgh Fringe run had a list of things which had been
changed or added as a run goes on. Hopefully there’s been plenty of time to fix the

misbehaving gadgets and we can to straight to the new version of the Trolleybus
problem designed to make you into a pyschopath. Coming on the 24th - 25h May at
The Actors at 7.30 p.m.
Full disclosure: Will BF and I are friends and I invited him to be a guest on my show, but I was a fan of
The Last Gun before we met in any social setting.

Hasta la Vista Bibby

(https:/ /chrisontheatre.wordpress.com /5b7a057c-9379-4621-acf2-6ef2c6b053be/ )t’s
hard to see how Dave Bibby can follow up the wonderful Baby Dinosaur, but he’s got
a lot going for him. Baby Dinosaur was the premise that Dave Bibby wanted to do

one-man Jurassic Park, but didn’t have time because he became a father — so the
audience are going to help him along. It’s one of the most interactive (but not in any
way embarrassing) shows on the fringe circuit, but, spoiler alert, what the show is
really about is how much he loves his children.
But we do have a follow-up, this time based on Back to the Future, and it’s a fair bet
that there’ll be a similar format of audience interaction that worked so well last time.
But can be follow up the lovely ending he did last time without being repetitive? Or

does he have something else up his sleeve. This is a work in progress at the moment,
so I'll leave it up to you if you want to see it now or wait until the audience
interaction has been perfected, but you can see it at The Caxton Arms (one of the
Half a Camel ones) on the 10th May at 3.00 p.m. then the 31st May at 6.45 p.m.

Wildcards:

And we finish the theatre section with a couple of things which grabbed my interest.

Open source intelligence and countersurgency for the
Jobbing hater
Wildly disparate subject material here covering things that I would not expect
together in a play, but the audacity to put these in one play deserves a mention. Open

source intelligence is something I’ve discovered in my nerd vocabulary. In conflicts
were both sides make claims and counter-claims, and produce photos that may or
may not be truthful, there is a army of obsessives who track down publicly-available
information and work out which side is telling the truth. Quite a lot can be worked

out from Google Maps and Google Street View, and then there’s a whole load of other
techniques I never follow.
Except that the subject of this play isn’t a disputed military victory, it’s a bitter

dispute between two actors going for the same part. They are both Asian women, and
this is the only “Asian woman” part. So the open-source intelligence going on here is
to piece together all the information you have online to find out everything you can
about your hated rival. (I guess asking why there has to be only one Asian woman
part is out of the question.) Also featuring Shakespeare, puppetry and anime. How
does this all fit together? Find out at Rotunda on the 7th - 9th May at 5.00 p.m. with
a last performance on the 10th May at 3.30 p.m.

Flat 4

I saw this play last year, and there was room for improvement — but it’s been
reworked since, and from what I’ve observed, the changes look promising. Isobel

Songer’s play centred on two students sharing a student flat, one in a toxic
relationship, the other keeping quiet about a sexual assault, and how the two finally
support each other to do the right thing. But with Songer only player one of the
charcters, it was a bit difficult to visualise the relationship. However, I understand
later versions of this now has her playing both characters — and the exerpts I’ve seen

online took promising too. It is important that the fringe circuit should have the space
for play to develop and not write off anything that wasn’t right first time. One
performance at Brighton Fringe on May 28th at 9.30 p.m. at Komedia.

From the comedy:

And finally, a quick summary of other comedians I enjoyed. A more subjective list,
but I’m doing one anyway:

Bad Clowns: Madcap trio whose last show involved two of them reading out a
pretentious play only for the real author to escape from prison and take them
hostage. New show now, as work in progress, Long Live the King, where the trio now
compete to be the new monarch following possible regicide. 3rd & 4th May at 9.00
p.m. at The Actors. Also Christian Dart, one third of Bad Clowns, is doing his solo
show Gumshoe (a film noir detective, or course) at 6.00 p.m., same venue, same days.
Alasdair Beckett-King: Stand-up comedian also well know for his video shorts that
parody all the tropes in popular culture from every old-school point and click

computer game to every dystopian sci-fi computer. Work in progress for his new
show, King of Crumbs on the 9th, 23rd & 24th May at 8.15 p.m. at Caroline of
Brunswick.

Any Suggestions Improv: I am biased here, because they were the star guests on my
show at Scarborough Fringe last year, but I saw their new show Suggestions of the

Unexpected and loved it. On the 10th & 11th May at The Actors at 9.00 p.m. Before
that, their long-running show Any Suggestions Doctor, same dates, 5.00 p.m. at
Artistis, and I can tell you they know their Whos very well.

Stephen Catling: Stand-up comedian who does spend some time talking about being
autistic but mostly having a very surreal sense of humour, with this next show,

Moving on ... really really slowly about heartbreak — when you are a slug. 24th May
8.15 & 25th May 5.15, Rotunda.

Hill and Jones: Another comedy duo I enjoyed, whose show does somewhat go in
the Morecambe and Wise of the stiff one and the rogue one, but a lot more surreal.

New show, Comedy Catastrophe, 25th May 6.30 p.m & 26th May 2.00 p.m., Rotunda
Phew! Enjoy.

Ge What's worth watching

® Brighton Fringe

Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com.

