ea G ma il

Ben Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>

(no subject)
Ben Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>

27 May 2024 at 01:43

Cc: Amy Keogh <amy.keogh@brightonfringe.org>, Rhiannon Lingwood <rhiannon.lingwood@brightonfringe.org>
| need every single email you have recieved, and every single reply. | told my acts that you were taking over due to the stress that the fringe has caused, what is going on? What is your future of the fringe
meeting about? Why did you put this as an automatic email reply rather than just getting back to people at 1 ocloc?? Your team finishes at the end of the day, i am trying to resolve and pieve together the
mess you have created.

Its the weekend now since you've taken over, which has been complaint after complaint i wish i’d not agreed to the brighton fringe offering help as you are completely incapable.

You have a team that doesnt communicate with each other, my venues have had enough of complaints i've had enough. This fringe has been an absolute shit show. If you’d have let me get on with what i
have had to do with out creating more and more confusion amongst ticket holders my acts and venues everything would have gone to plan, if you’d just let me get on with what i needed to do. Today has
been the worst day yet, not knowing what is going on and what you are doing to resolve complaints, has caused absolute chaos
How can you let a show that is all about rape and ticks every single content awareness box be 12+
Their registration fee goes to no support a shit website that doesnt work, children have been going up to the show “sluts” and the ones that have been turned away have given the staff abuse because
they have a ticket to a PG rape show where they strip at the end.
Not my problem, you took over
We have one more week tomorrows going to be the same, send me the emails so i know whats going on
I'll ask the acts for the emails too so you dont delete any like your insta stories, only 3 things have been deleted, this was the point i gave up even bothering to try and get you to co operate

01:14
€

x

<

IMG_1755.jpeg

Recently Deleted

This was absolutely pathetic, you’re not keeping any promises, then lying to me that all stories were deleted by the people that shared them all at the same time, the acts didnt delete them

by the way
Pull sluts show tomorrow, send me the emails, and answer the questions in this email, i want honest answers, i have completely hit burn out.

Trying to do what you should be doing to get your cut from your ticket sales, you dont support acts, how do you keep your charity status if all their money goes to you, and hound
promoters for getting acts that were willing to pay to pay right away. I’ve done 100 percent of the awareness for your registered shows you'll take a cut of, and i’m giving out refunds.
You keep using the excuse youre understaffed, get the staff, thats what theyre paying for, if you dont budget for what you promise dont take their money, dont put on a fringe if you cant
cope, you didnt employ anyone to apply for funding now you’re just money grabbing not even trying to resolve disappointed angry acts, people spend all year stressing and getting
excited about their perfect fringe show. Only to arrive to a willy wonka experience

