Veritas Justice CIC

Registered in England No. 09132338
www.veritas-justice.co.uk - info@veritas-justice.co.uk

01273 234773

Stalking Advocacy Service

Private and Confidential

12" May 2025

Re: Support for Mr. Ben Carter - Crime Reference Number 47240141246
To Whom It May Concern,

We are writing on behalf of Mr. Ben Carter, a client currently receiving support
from Veritas Justice CIC, a specialist stalking advocacy service working across

Sussex. We provide independent advice, advocacy, and safety planning to victims
of stalking and work closely with statutory agencies, including Sussex Police, to

help safeguard those affected.
Stalking is defined as a pattern of fixated, obsessive, unwanted, and repeated

behaviour that causes fear, alarm, or distress. It can have a profound impact on
victims, affecting not only their emotional and psychological wellbeing but also
their ability to work, maintain personal relationships, and manage their financial
stability. The effects can be long-term and deeply damaging to an individual's

sense of safety and quality of life.
We received a referral for Mr. Carter from Sussex Police on 6th November
2024 and have been supporting him since that time. Our involvement has focused

on providing advocacy support and safety advice in relation to an ongoing police
investigation into stalking allegations in relation to Miss Alanna O'Hare.

We understand that Miss O'Hare, was arrested around 20th November 2024 and
initially bailed with the following conditions: “Not to contact Ben Carter or attend
his address, or any address she believes him to be at (i.e a work venue)” until 20th

January 2025. We were subsequently informed that these bail conditions were
extended until 4th May 2025 as part of the ongoing investigation.
Mr. Carter's case was also discussed at the Brighton and Hove Multi-Agency Risk

Assessment Conference (MARAC), a forum where agencies share information to
improve the safety and wellbeing of high-risk victims of domestic abuse and
stalking on the 22/11/24. In addition, the case was reviewed at the Sussex Police
Stalking Clinic on 29th April 2025.

Subsequent to the multiagency meeting, we provided Mr Carter with an update
on 7th May 2025, we shared with Mr. Carter the information provided to us at the
stalking clinic by Sussex Police with no changes in status. to date we have received

no further updates regarding any changes to the investigation or the suspect's bail
status.

Veritas Justice CIC

Registered in England No. 09132338
www.veritas-justice.co.uk - info@veritas-justice.co.uk

01273 234773

:

Stalking Advocacy Service

Please be aware that Veritas Justice CIC operates in an advocacy capacity and is
not involved in the investigation itself. While we share information provided to us

by police partners in good faith, we cannot comment on the details of the
incidents disclosed or accept responsibility for the accuracy of that information. It
would not be appropriate for us to comment further while the police investigation
remains ongoing.

We would respectfully remind all organisations that safeguarding is everyone's
responsibility, and we encourage any employer or agency to consider appropriate
support measures where an individual may be experiencing ongoing distress as a

result of stalking.
Yours faithfully,
Veritas Justice CIC

Stalking Advocacy Service.

