Ben Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>

wy; Gmail
Referral Alert - encoreinsure.com
7 messages

enquiries@encoreinsure.com <enquiries@encoreinsure.com>

26 April 2025 at 01:26

To: benrobcarter@gmail.com

Cc: encoreinsure@tysers.com, enquiries@encoreinsure.com

Dear Team,

Your attention is required. There is a new quote that requires clearance on encoreinsure.com. Please
log in to the Agent site here with your credentials to action accordingly.

DH3CWS3NE

Ben Carter

Regards

encore >

ONLINE THEATRE

INSURANCE

POLICIES START FROM £90.00

QUOTES WITHIN MINUTES

(7

encoreinsure is a trading name of Tysers Insurance Brokers Limited who are authorised and regulated by the Financial

Conduct Authority. Registered Office: 71 Fenchurch Street, London, EC3M 4BS. Registered Company in England:
2957627
The information in this e-mail and in any attachments is confidential and may be privileged. If you are not the intended
recipient, please destroy this message, delete any copies held on your systems and notify the sender immediately. You
should not retain, copy or use this e-mail or any attachments for any purpose nor disclose all or any part of its content
to any person.

Encore - Enquiries <Enquiries@encoreinsure.com>

28 April 2025 at 13:01

To: "benrobcarter@gmail.com" <benrobcarter@gmail.com>

Dear Ben,

Thanks for your insurance enquiry at encoreinsure.com — this has been referred due to the

answers provided to a number of the questions, essentially:-

e

Do you comply with Health & Safety Law and HSE Regulations and are appropriate risk
assessments completed and documented?
No - We do not know yet what our risk assessment will be as it’s not clear

Are you able to confirm that the appropriate Risk Assessment(s) will be undertaken at some
stage prior to the first performance?

e

Audience Participation

Yes — Stand-up comedy
Please advise the type of interaction(s) with the audience that will take place?

-

Children Under the Age of 16
Yes

a) Are all relevant staff DBS checked?
No

b) Will all licence requirements be adhered to?
No

c) Will training be provided?
No

d) Will a specific risk assessment be completed?
No

This question may have been misunderstood — are you actually engaging any one under
the age 16 to work on the production(s)
?

If not, then the initial; question should be answered ‘No’ and the rest are not relevant.
However, if you are engaging under 16s to work on the production, then under UK law
you would need undertake a)-d) and in order for insurers to be able to provide cover

e

Do the venues being used hold their own Public Liability Insurance?
No

Unfortunately, if this is the case, then the insurers would also be unable to provide a
quotation/cover for your production(s).
It would be highly unusual for venues not to carry their own Public Liability insurance, so we
would recommend that you double-check this with said venue(s).

We look forward to hearing from you.

Kind regards,

Andy

Andy Rudge

Client Director | encoreinsure

T: +44 (0) 203 915 0160
E: enquiries@encoreinsure.com

Please note that a paper copy of this email (and/or any attachments) is available free of charge on request.

ONLINE
THEATRE
INSURANCE

encore
Pa
tGETQ
UOTE ©

Wwww.encoreinsure.com

www.encoreinsure.com | encoreinsure is a trading name of Tysers Retail Limited a private limited company registered
in England under 14498765.
Registered office: 71 Fenchurch Street, London, United Kingdom, EC3M 4BS.

