iy G ma il

Half a camel production <halfacamelproductions@gmail.com>

Fwd: Half a Camel - Brighton Fringe update
1 message

Jessica Otterwell <jessicaotterwell@gmail.com>

18 July 2025 at 08:57

To: Half a camel production <halfacamelproductions@gmail.com>
What the hell?! Are you ok? Did you know they would do this??
w--------- Forwarded message ---------From: Take Part <takepart@brightonfringe.org>
Date: Thursday, 17 July 2025

Subject: Half a Camel - Brighton Fringe update
To:

Good afternoon,
| hope you are well.

| wanted to apologise to you for your experience with Half a Camel at this year’s Brighton Fringe and to thank you for your
perseverance and help you gave to our staff in keeping the show on the road. It was amazing to see how all the artists
came together to support one another.
Last year, we saw that Ben Carter had significantly increased the number of venues and artists he would be organising for
Brighton Fringe 2025. We recognised that this would put great pressure on one person and so we asked Ben to identify
three people who could assist him on site as venue managers in some of his new venues. We also offered Ben additional
levels of support in the lead up to Fringe, equating to over and above that which we would normally offer one Venue
Manager. Unfortunately, Ben refused our offers and it quickly became apparent that whilst we were given three names,
they had not been informed by Ben of their apparent position.
Moving forward, we are implementing a new restriction so that programmers who operate multiple venues will have to
identify a named person for every two venues delegated to manage onsite. We will also place additional safeguard

measures to ensure the named individuals are properly briefed and supported.
Following this year's festival, The Board of Brighton Fringe considered Ben’s behaviour with particular focus on the fact
that he had taken money from artists with the promise of technical support, a brochure and, in some cases, videography of
shows. We were horrified that Ben did not provide the items for which artists had paid. The Board also noted other

behaviours including social media posts which breached the terms of the venue managers agreement. We also heard that
a number of artists felt bullied into accepting free unticketed registrations which did not suit their needs. This is completely
unacceptable.
While the Board recognised that poor health was partially responsible for many of Ben’s actions, we cannot allow artists to
suffer loss and failure to deliver contractual obligations; especially when we had offered assistance on numerous

occasions. For this reason. the board has removed Ben Carter and Half a Camel from their list of approved venues, and
they cannot take part in Brighton Fringe next year.

We wish Ben and Half a Camel well and hope that he makes a speedy recovery.
| have written to all the venues involved to advise them of our decision. We will be recommending new professional
programmers for next season.
| am very sorry for the experience you endured this year. | am very grateful for the support you gave to make sure that the
shows could all continue - thank you for your understanding with the Brighton Fringe staff team, too.
| hope that you will consider performing at the fringe next year. We have learned lessons from this experience and will be
better placed to ensure that you have a successful fringe.
Best wishes

Duncan Lustig-Prean

Chair of the Board, Brighton Fringe

Brighton Fringe Artist & Venue Services Team
T: 01273 764 907

A: Office 4, The Old Court House, 118 Church Street, BN1 1UD
W: www.brightonfringe.
org

#BrightonFringe

*

Support Us: Donate | easyfundraising | Eriends Scheme

Registered Charity Number: 1116367 | VAT Number: 892 5694 68 | Brighton Fringe Ltd Company Number: 05578256

