Public notices

Newsletters

Jobs

Subncriba

The Argus
News

Local

Business

—

=r!

Crime

Nostalgia

UKNews_

Politics

Protect Sussex Wate

As Europe Rearms, Can the EU
Build a Military “~~ of Its Own?
Read more

What we know about Brighton Fringe this year
23RDAPRIL

»

BRIGHTON FRINGE

By Savannah Nicholson

=

Deputy audience and content editor

@SavNjourno

reLX OR’

os

Enter your email

Sign Up

England's biggest arts festival will return to Brighton and Hove next month
with an explosion of comedy, dance, theatre and much more.

From May 2 to June 1, audiences can enjoy 900 shows across 140 venues during
Brighton Fringe with a total of over 4,000 individual performances.
It is the festival's 20th anniversary this year.

Some of the performances on offer
City centre circus
As part of the festival, The Level will be transformed into a family-friendly
circus and late night cabaret venue.

Sponsored stories
Deposit Protection:

10 Things to Help
You Get It Right

~ Lat

Tenancy Deposit Sche...

The Circus Yard, run by Revel Puck Circus, will “rejuvenate The Level by fostering
community engagement and enhancing the area’s vibrancy", organisers say.
The venue will be launched on May 1 with an opening party, followed by an

“action-packed” programme of 32 different performances until June 1.

An artist's impression of the circus (Image: Revel Puck Circus)

The site is made up of two tents, the Big Puck, with a capacity of 500, and the
Little Puck, which can hold up to 200 people.

It will also feature PucksBar, a stretch tent with pedestal heaters that is open to
the public.
The lineup features three original productions from Revel Puck Circus, including
Nose Dive Assembly, a “gravity-defying” spectacle, The Ruckus, featuring
acrobatics and aerial skills, and The Ugly Duckling: A Circus Story.
Audiences will also be treated to visiting productions including drag showcases,
cabaret and circus theatre.

Memoirs of a teletubby
Former Teletubby Nikky Smedley will share her experiences of being in the TV
programme in a one-woman show.

Following two years of sell-out shows at Edinburgh Fringe, award-winning
creator and performer Nikky Smedley is taking the show on a nationwide tour,
landing at Brighton Fringe in May, at The Actors theatre.

Nikky played Laa-Laa -the yellow one - in the original series of Teletubbies for six
years.

Confessions of a Teletubby comes to The Actors pub theatre in Princes Street,
Brighton, on May 10 and 11 at 6pm.

Hollywood starlets
Glenda Swing and Rita Herringbone are two actresses from the Golden Age of
Hollywood, who are now struggling to find work in the Technicolor world.

(Image: Brighton Fringe)

Glenda & Rita: LIVE will see the duo celebrate their cinematic career, where they
will be revisiting songs and roles. From Know Your Onions to The Professional

Blues, Glenda & Rita will take audiences on a musical

monochrome journey

their Hollywood heyday, to their miserable flat in Lancing.

from

es =

s,

=

Performances will be at the Rotunda Theatre in Brighton on May 14 and 26 at
6.45pm.

European premiere
Katie Reddin-Clancy's End Game will be performed at Ironworks Studios in
Brighton on May 10, 17, 18, and 31.

The show, which focuses on the afterlife, legacy, and life’s burning
questions, has already had successful runs at the Adelaide and Melbourne
Festivals.

End Game tells the story of Joanie, an eccentric cabaret performer, who finds
herself in the afterlife.

Guided by her spirit guide Pam, she embarks on a soul review, reflecting on her
life and confronting the lessons of Earth School.

Made in Sussex
After a successful launch last year, Made in Sussex will return to highlight the
county's home grown talent.

AD

Acts include award-winning drag-king Bertie Hodd who will fuse clown, drag and

cabaret. Through the lens of toast, cycling jokes and Radio 4, Dad Jokes takes you
on a coming-of-middle-age story about one regular dad's attempt to understand
his queer child.
This event will be taking place at Rotunda Theatre Brighton: Pip on May 20 and
22 at 7pm.

Storyteller Joshua Crisp will bring the Labour of Hercules to the Fringe which will
see him do impressions of the entire cast of this epic myth.
This event will take place at Lionhouse in St Luke’s Road on and 18 at 7pm

SpiegelGardens
SpiegelGardens, located in the north side of Victoria Gardens from May 2
until June 1, will host ninety artists across four different spaces.
This venue, operated by Laine Pub Company, will include a pub, bars and a

cocktail lounge.

Read more: Brighton Spiegeltent will not return to Old Steine this year

SpiegelGardens will be hosting a variety of performances over 31 nights, from
festival favourites as well as new acts.

Highlights include an all-queer pan-Asian cabaret Bitten Peach, sea shanties

courtesy of Old-Time Sailors, eight-piece ensemble Clandestino, kid raves from
Junior Jungle and fan favourites such as the giant balloon show.

Bursaries
Every year Brighton Fringe hands out artist bursaries to a range of acts in

collaboration with local, national and international organisations.
Bursaries cover the cost of event registration alongside a variety of other forms
of support; financial, mentoring or marketing.

AD

Bursary winners performing at this year’s festival include Cowpokes in a
Bunkhouse (winners of the The Pebble Trust Young People Bursary); the anarchic

SPUDS: Tatties on Tour (winners of the Encore Insure Bursaries); All Aboard! An
Evening with Pearl and Dean - the world’s campest cruise ship singers (winners
of the All That Bex ‘Everyone Loves an Underdog’ Bursary); the horror-romancecomedy Tip of Your Tongue (winner of the Applause Create Tour Connect
Bursary); the surreal Ellen Turnill Montoya is Mr Handsome (winner of the Luke
Rollason Memorial Bursary); and black-and-white era movie icons Glenda & Rita:
Live (winners of the staff Musical Theatre Bursary).

Brighton Fringe, which is a registered charity, relies on grants and private

donations to continue hosting the festival every year.
For the first time, Brighton Fringe will receive funding from Arts Council England

to support the Fringe Academy - a series of workshops and talks to help
emerging artists and producers to develop their careers by providing free skillsbased training, advice and support.
The first Fringe Academy event will be a networking day, The Junction, on

Saturday, May 10, featuring a panel of experts from festivals around the UK
discussing collaboration, connections and partnerships.
Tickets for the acts who performed on the night - plus many, many more
amazing shows and events - are available to book now from brightonfringe.org
or 01273 917 272.
BRIGHTON FRINGE

COMEDY

=

ENTERTAINMENT

= O comments

Contact us

Manage Consent

Announcements

Leap

Cookie Policy

Terms & Conditions

Contributor Terms

Advertise

Newsletters

Reader Rewards

Site Map

Exchange and Mart

Terms of Advertising

Privacy Policy

Diversity Statement

Photo sales

Our Publications

Newspaper Home Delivery

Archive

Add Your Event For Free

FOLLOW US

f

The Argus

f

Brighton and Hove Albion FC news

X @brightonargus
© The Argus

jestey Regulated

This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards
Organisation's Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which
relates to inaccuracy or intrusion, then please contact the editor here. If you are dissatisfied with
the response provided you can contact IPSO here
© 2001-2025. Newsquest Media Group Ltd, 1st Floor, Chartist Tower, Upper Dock Street, Newport,
Wales, NP20 1DW | 01676637 |

