a

BNGtHTON

FRINGE.

Notice of
BRIGHTON FRINGE LIMITED ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

Date and Time: Monday 13 March 2023 following the regular Board Meeting
Venue: Surrey 1 Room, Hilton Brighton Metropole Hotel, King’s Road, Brighton BN1 2FU
Zoom option - Click here for link Meeting ID: 858 7559 5349 Passcode: 936967

Attendees:
Ali Braithwaite

Jamie Arnell - Chair

Amy MacGregor

Jenni Lewin-Turner

Deborah Benson

Julian Caddy - CEO

Duncan Lustig-Prean

Mark McCulloch

Ian Brown

Observers:

Mark Fisher (Brighton & Hove City Council)
Hattie Snooks (Participant Observer)
Ben Carter, Caxton Arms/Presuming Ed’s/The Snug (Venue Observer)

In attendance:

Matt Freeman (Director, the Numbers Studio)
Nina Sarfas, Minute Taker

Apologies:
AGENDA

Minutes of the AGM held on 21 March 2022 - attached for agreement

*Reports and Accounts (*subject to accounts having been received in time)
To receive and consider the accounts for the year ended 31 August 2022 and the
reports of the charity trustees and the independent examiner.
1.

Accountants

Confirmation of the change of accountancy services from Mark Carr & Co (part of
Streets Group) to the Numbers Studio, who provide day-to-day accounts management
services including invoicing, accounts payment, VAT and payroll as well as end of year
accounts.

4.

Retirement and re-appointment of Directors and Trustees

4.1

Clause 32 of the Company’s Articles of Association require one-third of Directors to
retire at each AGM.

Clause 33(1) states that the Directors to retire shall be those who

have been longest in office since their last appointment, those being:
Julian Caddy - first appointed in August 2012, last reappointed in April 2021
Jenni Lewin-Turner - first appointed in July 2019, last reappointed in April 2021
4.2

Appointment of the Chair
Nominations for Chair — currently Jamie Arnell
-

4.3.

Nomination received from Duncan Lustig-Prean

Appointment of the Deputy Chair and Finance Lead (currently vacant)
Nominations for Deputy Chair and Finance Lead — open
-

4.4

Nomination for Finance Lead received from Ian Brown

Appointment of Company Secretary and Executive Committee

Nominations for Company Secretary and members of the Executive Committee- open.
*The Executive Committee normally consists of the Chair, CEO, Finance Lead and one

other Director, who meet monthly to discuss executive and operational matters and
report back to the wider Board at quarterly meetings.

4.5

Proposal of New Directors and Trustees

Members are invited to submit proposed resolutions to the Chair by noon on 8 March
2023, a revised agenda will be circulated should any resolutions be received.
5.

Members proposed resolutions
Members are invited to submit proposed resolutions to the Chair by noon on 8 March
2023, a revised agenda will be circulated should any resolutions be received.
No resolutions have been submitted

6.

Any other business

Notes to the Notice of Annual General Meeting

Appointment of proxies
1. AS

a member of Brighton Fringe Limited, you are entitled to appoint a proxy to exercise all

or any of your rights to attend, speak and vote at the Annual General Meeting.

A proxy must

be appointed in writing and otherwise in accordance with article 22 of the articles of
association of Brighton Fringe Limited. Brighton Fringe Limited does not require proxy notices
to be delivered in any particular form.

You can only appoint a proxy using the procedures set

out in these notes.
2.

A proxy does not need to be a member of Brighton Fringe Limited but must attend the

Annual General Meeting to represent you.

If you wish your proxy to speak on your behalf at

the Annual General Meeting you will need to give your instructions directly to them.

3. You may not appoint more than one proxy.
4. If you do not give your proxy an indication of how to vote on any resolution, your proxy will
vote or abstain from voting at their discretion. Your proxy will vote (or abstain from voting) as
they thinks fit in relation to any other matter which is put before the Annual General Meeting.
5. TO appoint a proxy, your notice must be:
signed by you;

sent or delivered to the Chair of Brighton Fringe Limited at Yacht Werks, 28-29 Richmond
Place, Brighton BN2 9NA; and
received by Brighton Fringe Limited no later than 5.30pm on 8 March 2023.

Any power of attorney or any other authority under which the proxy appointment is signed (or
a duly certified copy of such power or authority) must be included with the proxy appointment.
Changing proxy instructions

6. To change your proxy instructions simply submit a new proxy appointment using the
method set out above. Note that the cut-off time for receipt of proxy appointments (see
above) also apply in relation to amended instructions; any amended proxy appointment
received after the relevant cut-off time will be disregarded.
7. If you submit more than one valid proxy appointment, the appointment received last before

the latest time for the receipt of proxies will take precedence.
Termination of proxy appointments

8. In order to revoke a proxy instruction you will need to inform Brighton Fringe Limited by
sending a signed hard copy notice clearly stating your intention to revoke your proxy
appointment to the Chair, Brighton Fringe Limited, Yacht Werks, 28-29 Richmond Place,
Brighton BN2 9NA.

Any power of attorney or any other authority under which the revocation

notice is signed (or a duly certified copy of such power or authority) must be included with the
revocation notice.

The revocation notice must be received by Brighton Fringe Limited no later than 5.30pm on 8
March 2023.

If you attempt to revoke your proxy appointment but the revocation is received after the time
specified then, subject to the paragraph directly below, your proxy appointment will remain
valid.

Appointment of a proxy does not preclude you from attending the Annual General Meeting and
voting in person.

If you have appointed a proxy and attend the Annual General Meeting in

person, your proxy appointment will automatically be terminated.

Communication
9. Except as provided above, members who have general queries about the Annual General
Meeting should contact Jamie Arnell at James.Arnell@charterhouse.co.uk

