BRIGHTON FRINGE BOARD MEETING
AGENDA

Date: Monday 12 December 2022 at 5:30pm
Board members:
Jamie Arnell (Chair)

Jenni Lewin-Turner

Julian Caddy (CEO)

Amy MacGregor

Ali Braithwaite

Deborah Benson

Observers:

JD Henshaw (Sweet Venues- Venue Manager Observer)
Mark Fisher (Brighton & Hove City Council)
Duncan Lustig-Prean (Board member candidate)

In attendance:

Amy Keogh (Head of Operations & Development)
Nina Sarfas, minute-taker

Apologies:

Hattie Snooks (Clap Back Club- Participant Observer)

Action Points in RED
Decisions in GREEN
(Action points and decisions are summarised at the end)
1.

Conflicts of Interest

AM is working at The Actors working as a programming consultant for Fringe, they will

be there during fringe to help out.
JLT will be producing a series of events for Brighton Fringe in May

2.

Agree minutes of the last Board meeting

Consensusireached- Minutes agreed
3.

Plan of action in relation to Adrian Bristow and Brighton

Spiegeltent
JC overviews that there was an aggressive exchange at the venue managers meeting in
November, antagonism coming from Adrian, and a meeting followed this with Adrian and
Izzy.

JA feeds back about his meeting with Adrian and Izzy (Adrian’s daughter). It was a
measured meeting in which it was clear Izzy is aware of Adrian’s misgivings and
challenging behaviours. JA challenged him strongly and said his behaviour was

unacceptable. Concerns were raised about the protection of Fringe staff and the impact
of his behaviour on morale. Fringe are looking for understanding and recognition as well

as an apology and give some guidance. Adrian did recognise and agree and has sent an
email in which he accepts his responsibility and apologises, in practical terms he needs

to better and leave the day to day management with Izzy who JA finds to be a much
calmer counterpart to deal with. They have legitimate concerns about the new venue
and it being in competition with their offering, but happy to go forward if communication
is improved.

JC circulates the email to the board.

JC has contacted Aniela about speaking to Adrian/Izzy and she would be happy to.
JA Adrian has been chastened since the initial meetings which have led to reflection on
his part
AB Agrees going through Izzy is a positive thing.

JLT asks how the staff are feeling about things going forward
JC staff are happier to be dealing with Izzy not Adrian
JLT feels uncomfortable with anyone having to face that kind of abuse from anyone- big
concern is the safeguarding of staff. Concerns but if there are assurances that he won’t
have contact then its manageable.
JC Adrian has dealt with complaints badly and acted poorly to Fringe when those
complaints have been followed up.
DB I am astonished by the email and his change in character. What’s happening with the
30k loan? In amongst the aggression there were kernels of something valid, particularly
communication and his critique of the observer model. Are his critiques still valid?
JA if we are prepared to let them continue we need two things- what guarantees along
the specific issues Julian has mentioned what additional things do we need and two,
another discussion about the loan document and to make sure he fulfils them.
JD three stages:
Communication- I think it’s a valid point that he makes
Adrian’s validity- he makes valid points but it has to be stripped of the shouting and
swearing

Adrian’s bombast- I have stopped communicating with him because I’ve had enough. He
has no boundaries whatsoever. The board observer role can be useful but I am on the
board and struggle to know what’s going on.
JA if we are going back to Adrian with any offer for 2023 then we need to include
something on his practises e.g. late phone calls, language

JD I don’t need to listen to the tirades or the conspiratorial arguments, the pettiness.
JLT in any communication we need to acknowledge the accusations that he felt insulted.

JA we do need to respond on us doing better on comms. Ross also felt the tone was
dismissive of legitimate concerns. Julian will attend all venue manager meetings.
Vote on whether Fringe should retain Spiegeltent for 2023 on the basis we will circulate
an additional terms of engagement highlighting what we will consider unacceptable plus

nother sit down, SQRBSHSUS ESEGHed.

JC we will put something together and ciculate it for the end of the week ACTION JC

4.

Management Team/ Observer Updates
1.

Management Team Board reports

JC Now over 300 completed registrations, new website is live and BO operating and
selling tickets. Hiccups in terms of the development. We extended the early bird
registration to enable people to programme the new venue.
2.

Update on outdoor venue plan, including budget

JC overviews:
The board gave the go ahead for the new venue Caravanseri thanks to the support of
The Pebble Trust, bi weekly planning meetings will be continuing in the new year.
We got the feedback from Arts council and planning to re-submit. Had confirmation from
Carlsberg and uber eats for their sponsorship and hoping for payment before the end of
2022.
We will be recruiting a finance and office administrator imminently. The Numbers Studio

are taking care of the finances for now- senior level and day to day. In the meantime
Streets Accounts are preparing our 2021-22 accounts.

I need to address an email from Ross Ericson today and it has been forwarded to the
board. Fair few accusations levelled- the issue of the way things have changed in relation
to the venue e.g. no block booking for programming. Matters of us undercutting them in
terms of box office- we work on a 60/40 list.
JA one thing that is coming from JD, Adrian and Ross is that the level of communication

around the new venue hasn’t been great. No decision to proceed had been made since
late Nov. The question I’m asking myself is whether we have given people enough

realistic opportunity to consider this venue as a properly specced up opportunity- have
we gone too quickly and not given enough time to the base?
JC I think we ran out of time and there’s been some internal issues as well. In the end
the venue manager proposal was written by me because of Cam’s mental health. There
were some delays.
JA are we aware of anyone else who was interested but similarly frustrated to Ross?
JC Komedia couldn’t programme for whole blocks but are not wanting to programme if
it’s going to be small chunks. Laughing horse want to book studio space. The old market
have elected not to be involved because of their internal problems and lack of NPO
status.

JD we are now in programming competition with our venues, those of us who are

interested are frustrated as there was no detail. The initial information felt very light.
JA what's the issue in terms of timeline? Is it internal and can we adapt that?

JC can I propose that if venues want to be involved and submit interest still that we are
open to do so. I can ask Aniela to communicate to the venue managers to that effect we
can possibly move forward. ACTION POINT
JLT realistically what time frame are we working to?

JC February. It was just because of the early bird sign ups that its been pushed earlier.
AK we’ve just hired a production manager who will be looking into the technical side of it
and writing a tech specs for both venues which will be disseminated to the base. We are

trying to do things as quickly as possible but I know there’s been a lot of questions about
the technical side of it.
JA I can understand the frustrations that we haven’t yet been very specific. What I’m
struggling with is that we are already being perceived to be shutting the door to the

base. I wonder if Aniela has gone off too fast and not given the base enough time.
JC I will talk with Amy and Aniela about what further comms can be made. We’ve been

trying to raise close to half a million to make this happen, there’s been challenges and
we're doing from a place of wanting to make the offer better. Things go wrong - new can
and we should be addressing whatever criticism comes our way. I can assure the board
there is no deception intended.
DB from my perspective as a new trustee it’s a bit concerning as there’s clearly
something not working in terms with the relationship management with venues. How will

you respond to this letter?
JC I would like to meet with him at all possible. In saying that we are undercutting etc

that is an issue that needs to be addressed. This is maybe where we need to be going
and a change in Brighton Fringe. The income derived from this venue is so we can
support Fringe and venues. ACTION POINT JC
JD I think what it is, is we’ve moved quickly from announcing an idea to it happening

and people don’t feel they’ve had a chance to understand it and make a business/artistic
decision. We need to send a clear message about how the venue is being funded and
why it is in the venues interest for this venue to succeed.

JLT we need to take the opportunity of the break- the away day - to thrash these issues
out and be very clear with the messaging from now on.
DB it feels like it would be useful to write an FAQ for the website to address some of the

bad faith commentary. ACTION POINT
JA I think get as many venue managers as possible to attend the meeting on Thursday
and talk directly to them then put together a couple of pages. It’s poor communication
and needs to be fixed directly. ACTION POINT
JLT lets put the story straight and get the right messaging out there, celebrating the
successes

JA would you be ok casting an eye over what we might put ahead of the venue
managers?

DB yes, love to ACTION POINT
BUDGET:

JC we are waiting for Normandy tourism to confirm
AK they are quite slow at responding but we are waiting to hear back hopefully this
week, they are keen.
JC there are some figures in the red which is concerning, but this does not include the
contribution from The Pebble Trust. In terms of the arts council application Amy is
working through that and been getting great help from Jenni and Jamie. We are hoping
to get this out in January. Tomorrow night Amy and I are going to go through the rewriting of the application for half a day. ACTION POINT

JLT I can help in the areas on partnership statements. I will try to be available tomorrow

afternoon if you need to talk to me. ACTION POINT
AK I'll send it to you Deborah with the feedback ACTION POINT
AK We didn’t go into a huge amount of detail about the artistic side and who would be
programming. The arts council struggle to see how open acces arts festivals work

because its not straight forward, its more fluid.
JLT it’s a model they don’t understand at all. Add resubmission at the top to be
absolutely clear. ACTION POINT
AK the other question is about how much we are asking for. The proposed ask might
come down naturally anyway.
JA I want to make it clear how much the Pebble Trust is having to fund the local area to

put them on the naughty step and question them as to why ACTION POINT
AK Once the ace is done I'll move to the national lottery and hoping to use what I’ve
already written, that is 12-week turnaround so needs to go as well. Deborah I would like
to have a chat about fundraising. ACTION POINT AK and DB
JA There is a backstop in place from Pebble trust if needed but the challenge to the team
is to not need it by persuading arts council, sponsorship etc subsidy would not fix the

problem

3.

Updates from Participant/Venue Observers to the Board

JD no further updates and Hatty not in attendence
4.

Updates from Brighton & Hove City Council

Mark not in attendance
5.

Finance and funding update
1.

Sponsorship and funding update

JC This is included in the board reports, anything Amy would like to add to what’s been

submitted?
AK no I don’t think so. Holly has done a great job in terms of tying up all the

sponsorships and funding. We’re in a much better position this year. Community
partnerships have been worked on —- outreach with the community for people to promote
their work and raising our profile in the city. Jubilee square is still ticking over and we’re

looking at getting in an agent that would charge us commission.
2.

Finance reports, Cash flow and budget and plan for 2023

JC currently as things stand there is still an 18K loss. We haven’t had the revenue levels
from pre-covid times yet so we’ve had to cut the spend from 2023. We’ve cut the payroll
quite significantly, its been particularly difficult with a lower number of staff. This
continues to be a work in progress. There is a slight change in instalments from the
funding support from The Numbers Studio. We’ve kept Jubilee square relatively low with
the anticipated incomes. Any feedback on the budget?
JA as a general point for meetings diving into spreadsheets doesn’t work very well, we
need to pull out and summarise with key numbers

JLT maybe a summary can be dipped into as well
AB I would value a summary of the headlines that you want to draw our attention to

JC I agree. We are in the process of changing from one system to another and I’ve
spoken to The numbers studio about a better summary and this is something that is
planned for. ACTION POINT

6.

Board Membership and Observer Elections
1.
Review and vote on Board membership of Duncan Lustig-Prean, Ian
Brown and Mark McCulloch

DB how much are you wanting to expand the board?

JC the only other further person to add would be someone with legal expertise

2.

Observer elections to take place in advance of the March Board

meeting

JC we will be sending a call out this month in advance of the march board meeting we
will have the new observers in place
7.

AOB

JC Jenni proposed an away day on either the 13" or 20" of January between
liam and 3pm. Please notify me what day you would prefer. ACTION POINT
JA Ian Baird and Adrian both offered to look at our numbers. Having them to run
their eyes on it would be great.
AB have a happy Christmas everyone

JC I want to thank the board and single out Jenni for your sometimes day by day
support

Future Board meeting dates:
e

13 March

e

17 July

e
e

18 September
11 December

Decisions Summary:
e
e

Minutes agreed
Fringe will

retain

Spiegeltent for 2023 on the basis that we will

circulate an

additional terms of engagement highlighting what we consider unacceptable code

of conduct
e

Duncan admitted to the board

Actions Summary:

e

ACTION JC: Put together a code of conduct document and circulate

e

ACTION POINT JC: Ask Aniela to communicate to venue managers that if venues
want to be involved and submit interest still that we are open to do so

e

ACTION POINT JC: Meet with Ross to discuss venue involvement
ACTION POINT: write an FAQ for the website to address some of the bad faith
commentary

e

ACTION POINT DB read the draft for venue managers by JA

e

ACTION POINT JA attend venue manager meeting and talk directly to them about

e

ACTION POINT JC and AK go through the re-writing of the Arts Council application

concerns

for half a day
e

ACTION POINT AK send JLT the initial application and feedback

e

ACTION POINT AK add ‘resubmission’ to the top of the application

e

ACTION POINT JA make clear to the AC how much the pebble trust is having to

e

ACTION POINT AK and DB discuss fundraising

e

ACTION POINT JC facilitate better summary for financial reporting

e

ACTION POINT ALL notify JC what day you would prefer out of 13" or 20th

fund the local area

