aa | ¢ aa a |

Ben carter <no.reply@policeplease.com>

SXP-20250622-0050
1 message

no-reply@contact.sussex.police.uk <no-reply@contact.sussex.police.uk>

Sun, Jun 22, 2025 at 2:48 AM

Reply-To: no-reply@contact.sussex.police.uk

To:

NO.REPLY @policeplease.com

Dear Ben

Thank you for your call. This has been logged under reference (CAD) number SXP-20250622-0050.
On the call, you were incorrectly booked into a video call appointment with our Initial Investigation Team (IIT) on 23/06/2025
@ 08:15.
As this report relates to a continuation of the event, this report has been passed onto the officer in charge of the case and the

IIT appointment has been cancelled. This ensures you receive the best service, as the OIC will be aware of the previous
events already.
Please accept our apologies for any confusion.
Please do not hesitate to contact us if you have any new information relating to this report.

Kind regards, Sussex Police

Craig
Contact Officer
Force Contact, Command & Control Department
Sussex Police

Please note that | am not the officer assigned to your enquiry, | am responding on behalf of Sussex Police Contact
Centre.
If any follow up is required for this specific incident, please use the Contact Us area of the Sussex Police website
and quote the reference number provided in the email.

The Sussex Police Website provides information around crime prevention and can be viewed through the following link:
www.sussex.police.uk/advice/

There are several services for victims of crime in Sussex. You can view these at www.safespacesussex.org.uk
As part of our legal duty of care - and if appropriate to the report you’ve made - we may pass your details to victim services,
who will contact you to offer further assistance. If you do not want your details shared for this purpose, you have the right to
object and this will be considered.

If you feel that you need immediate support you can contact Victim Support Sussex on 0808 168 9274 between 9am and
5pm, Monday to Friday.

Alternatively, you can contact the National Support line on 0808 168 9111, which is available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
You can report crime and incidents online at https://www.sussex.police.uk/report-online
We want to know your views - see what's new and give us your feedback and suggestions at www.sussex.police.uk
If you have received this message in error, please contact the sender as soon as possible - you may not copy it, or make use
of any information contained in it for any purpose, or disclose its contents to any other person. Messages sent and received

by Sussex Police are not private and may be the subject of monitoring.

