vy Gmail

Ben Carter <benrobcarter@gmail.com>

Improving Communications with Venues
1 message

Duncan Lustig-Prean <chair@brightonfringe.org>

22 September 2023 at 11:09

To: Duncan Lustig-Prean <chair@brightonfringe.org>

Dear Venue Manager,

| am writing to all venues booked already for 2024 and those who joined us for Fringe 2023. It has
been wonderful meeting so many venue managers over the past few months and hearing your
feedback. This email has transpired from one of those conversations which clearly indicated a need
to improve our communications with you and also to improve the transparency of decisions of
the Board and CEO.
| place great importance on listening to you and have attended every Venue Managers’ meeting
since joining the Board. These are a great opportunity to discuss your needs and concerns with

senior management. You can attend in person or on zoom. Minutes of these meetings are sent to all
venue managers afterwards. | know that you are busy people but please do try to attend. We need
to hear your views.
Ben Carter is your Venues' Observer attending Board Meetings and is also available for you. Our
Artists and Venues Observers represent your views and interests firmly at the Board and they have
access to all Board papers and discussions. Venue and Artists Observer positions are open for
elections annually for appointment in March and we advertise these from December. We currently
have a gap in the Artists Observer position. If you have an artist (performer, director, producer) who
you think would be interested please do let me Know. It would be good to have a competitive election
rather than an anointing! We want to fill this important role as soon as possible.
We also have a number of Trustee vacancies we need to fill to ensure that we have a good strong
mix of experience. In particular | am looking for people with senior or Board level experience of
marketing, fundraising (trusts and giving), strategic planning and someone with strong commercial
experience. If you know people who might be interested please ask them to make contact.
In order to improve the transparency of Board meetings | will also write to you with a summary of
discussions and decisions made after each Board meeting. You will appreciate that some of the
discussions concern staff HR issues, pay etc which should not be published though your Venues
Observer will have been party to those discussions and receives all Board papers. | attach a brief
about our Board meeting last Monday evening.
You will be aware that we have yet to appoint a new CEO and that | am currently fulfilling that role
unpaid. Like all arts organisations and venues we are being hit hard with high inflation and
diminishing Trust funding. It is increasingly difficult to raise funds. In order to guarantee Fringe 2024
it was necessary to reduce our staff costs. We have gapped two roles until the end of the year,
reduced staff by one and gapped the CEO role. By my working voluntarily, it allows us to seek new
Trust funding ready for whoever is appointed in the role so that they inherit an organisation on a
stable financial footing. It also guarantees that Fringe 2024 can occur regardless of any additional
funding. | expect to be acting CEO until August or September next year. Thank you for your support
as | undertake this task.

You will also have heard that we will not be operating Caravanserai next year and we will be
focussing all our efforts on providing the support to our artists and venues for a genuinely open
access Fringe.
As reported at this week's Venue Manager meeting, | have been pushing the Council hard to stop
their proposal to limit flyering to a small area within the licensable flyering area in the city. When this
occurred a few years ago it had a serious impact on our artists and venues; especially those many

venues outside the limited flyering area. | was informed today that my lobbying had been successful
and the proposal has been shelved. We will continue with the flyering arrangements we had this
year. | will always fight hard to ensure that the interests of our artists and all our venue partners are
protected.
We recently held a meeting with Chenine Bhathena, the new Assistant Director of Culture at the city

council. Much of our conversation concerned council support to help us better market Brighton
Fringe. We pointed out how Edinburgh is ‘plastered’ with their Fringe's advertising and the city
transformed making it so much more visible. | am pleased to tell you that, as a consequence, we
have been given access to a larger number of prime advertising spots in council owned buildings,
lampposts, street furniture and railings. This will be of huge benefit to venues and artists. There are
some planning consent hurdles to overcome but Bhathena is facilitating support for us to smooth the
way.

Please do email or call if you have any questions and if there are matters you would like me to
consider or assist with. The partnership between the Fringe, our artists and our venues is crucial to
our mutual success and | look forward to working with you all during Brighton Fringe 2024 and
beyond.
Kind Regards,
Duncan Lustig-Prean

Chair
Brighton Fringe

2 attachments
= Briefing note for Venue Managers.pdf

—

147K

= Briefing note for Venue Managers.pdf

—

147K

